1. You want to create a report that display the number of New Loan that have been rejected by the Amsterdam office in the last 90 days.
You want the report to display the results from the most recent to the oldest. What is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Tick the “ASC” check box for the column on the Resolution date
B. Tick the “DESC” check box for the column on the Creation date
C. Select Highest to Lowest for the column Resolution date
D. Select Lowest to Highest for the column Resolution date
Answer: C

2. You want to ensure the payment method layout is not displayed if the service selected is about a flat tyre.
How would you configure the UI? (Choose 1)
A. Configure a visibility condition on the Payment method layout and an action to refresh the section on the Service dropdown
B. Configure a visibility condition and an action to refresh the section on the Service dropdown
C. Configure a visibility condition and an action to refresh the section on the Payment method layout
D. Configure a visibility condition on Service dropdown and an action to refresh the section on the Payment method layout
Answer: A

3. When implementing a case type in App Studio, what are the options you can set when configuring a Channel and an Interface? (Choose 2)
A. Release
B. MLP
C. Complexity
D. Due Date
Answer: A C

4. What can you do when configuring a mobile app? (Choose 2)
A. Secure and lock the app after N minutes of inactivity
B. Branding your app means select Launch screen, App icon and Login Screen
C. To ensure a consistent experience throughout the user workflow, define a case-wide theme for your app
D. Define the role assigned to users of the mobile app
Answer: A D

5. You need to create a new mobile app if you want to? (Choose 1)
A. Give access to a mobile app to two different roles
B. Provide a different branding for each case type
C. Configure a multiple Right Swipe actions
D. Switch between biometrics and patterns for unlocking the app
Answer: A

6. Why would you use the Mobile Preview? (Choose 2)
A. Test production application
B. Test one or multiple mobile applications
C. Ensure the pages and layout correspond with your design
D. Test all the features of your mobile application such as notifications
Answer: B C

7. A new employee needs all the privileges of the role for authors and some privileges from the managers role.
What is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Add both roles to the new person
B. Add the person to both roles
C. Create a new role based on author and add some manager privileges
D. Create a new role and add some privileges from author and manager
Answer: C

8. In which scenario would you use a calculated field using a function and not a Decision Table? (Choose 1)
A. Calculate the default value of a discount
B. Calculate the total amount of tax depending on some products in the shopping card
C. Calculate the currency type for the total amount of the shopping cart
D. Calculate the discount value to apply to the purchase order based on the total amount, the marital status and the method of payment
Answer: B

9. From the following options displaying some "parts" within quotes, what is a Page property? (Choose 2)
A. .Client.”Address(Shipping)”.City
B. .”Client”.Address(1).City
C. .Client.”Address”.City
D. Client.Address.”City”
Answer: B C

10. What do you use to update the current case or all child cases and all descendants? (Choose 1)
A. Update a case
B. Save Case
C. Persist cases
D. Update cases
Answer: A

11. In App Studio, what configuration is mandatory when creating a data object sourced using a new REST service? (Choose 2)
A. The Uniform Resource Identifier
B. The REST connector
C. The data transform to do the mapping
D. The authentication method
Answer: A D

12. What is a good/secured password? (Choose 2)
A. 5!”36£$86%^Dfer&*Bgh()_+
B. 1L0v3P3g4
C. But1MuchPr3f3rBaklava&P1st4chio5!
D. Password123!
Answer: A C

13. You have created a rule named GetDiscount in a work class named MyOrg-MyApp-Work-CarRental.
What is the right order for class inheritance? (Choose 1)
A = @baseclass
B = Work-Cover-
C = MyOrg-MyApp-Data
D = MyOrg-Work
E = MyOrg-MyApp
F = MyOrg-MyApp-Work
A. A, B, F, E
B. A, C, E, B
C. F, D, B, A
D. F, E, B, A
Answer: D

14. In the UI Gallery, how is configured the shopping cart? (Choose 1)
A. Repeating dynamic layout
B. Repeating layout group
C. Layout group
D. Table
Answer: A

15. What of the following separates content into individual panels and permits users to view a group of related data one panel at a time? (Choose 2)
A. Columns
B. Layout group
C. Table
D. Dynamic layout group
Answer: B D

16. If you create a Data Object with a SOR in App Studio, what is created in Dev Studio? (Choose 1)
A. Data Class, Data Type, Data Model
B. Data Model, Data Type, Data Page
C. Data Pages, Data Class, Data Type
D. Data Type, Data Pages, Data Model
Answer: C

17. What can you do to ensure all rows conditions are reachable in a Decision Table? (Choose 1)
A. Check Completeness
B. Show Completeness
C. Show Conflicts
D. Check Conflicts
Answer: C

18. You want to configure the business logic routing for an authority matrix, what rule are you creating? (Choose 1)
A. When rule
B. Map Value
C. Decision Table
D. Decision Tree
Answer: C

19. You are in a situation where you want to conditionally evaluate few conditions against many properties, what rule type do you create? (Choose 1)
A. When rule
B. Map Value
C. Decision Table
D. Decision Tree
Answer: D

20. What is true regarding Insights in the Explore Data landing page? (Choose 2)
A. The “Shared” visibility means the insight is shared with your Access Group
B. The “Shared” visibility means the insight is shared with your Work Group
C. You have to use numerical data (Count, Maximum, …) on the Measures fields
D. You have to use numerical data (Count, Maximum, …) on the Dimensions fields
Answer: A C

21. A discount is granted under some conditions. You want to reward a client with a discount on the grand total of the purchase order. The decision will use the loyalty of the customer, the amount of the grand total as well as the type of purchase order.
A gold customer spending more than £500 will receive the discount.
A silver customer will need to spend £750 in order to receive the discount.
An “anniversary” purchase order will get the discount.
A = .Customer.Status is gold
B = . Customer.Status is silver
C = .GrandTotal > 500
D = .GrandTotal > 750
E = Purchase order is of type anniversary How would you implement the business rule? (Choose 1)
A. A OR B AND C OR D OR E
B. A AND C OR B AND D OR E
C. (A AND C) OR (B AND D) OR E
D. (A AND B) OR (C AND D) OR E
Answer: C

22. In a data transform you want to use the city of the shipping address to populate the city of the billing address. How do you implement this? (Choose 1)
A. Set .Address(billing).City same as .Address(shipping).City
B. Set .Address(billing).City equals to .Address(shipping).City
C. Set .Address(shipping).City same as .Address(billing).City
D. Set .Address(shipping).City equals to .Address(billing).City
Answer: B

23. In the case designer in App Studio, for what can you specify in which release that will be implemented? (Choose 2)
A. Data & Integrations
B. Personas & Channels
C. Workflow
D. Stage
Answer: A B

24. Who are interested in running the estimator? (Choose 1)
A. End users
B. Stakeholders
C. Business Architects
D. System Architects
Answer: B

25. Where to configure the audit field feature? (Choose 1)
A. On the property settings
B. On the control settings
C. On the stage settings
D. On the case settings
Answer: D

26. What is true regarding integration simulation? (Choose 2)
A. You can create simulation in Dev Studio only
B. The simulation can be configured at the Data Page level
C. The simulation is always using Data Transform as the source in order to hard code mock data
D. The simulation can be configured at the Connector level
Answer: B D

27. What WAI-ARIA role contains headings, notes, or presentations? (Choose 1)
A. Landmark
B. Document Structure
C. Component/Widget
Answer: B

28. A customer should have access to the previous orders while shopping and processing the current order.
A - Customer
B – Current Order
C – Previous Orders
1 – User Pages
2 – System Pages
3 – Data Pages
Associate the page with the right category
A. A1 – B2 – C3
B. A3 – B1 – C2
C. A2 – B3 – C1
D. A2 – B1 – C3
E. A1 – B3 – C2
Answer: D

29. The business would like to be able to set the applied discount based on the value of some properties.
What is your approach? (Choose 2)
A. Create a Configuration Setting
B. Create a property to hold the value
C. Create a declare expression
D. Have the Configuration Setting to calculate the discount using a function
E. Have the Configuration Setting to calculate the discount using a Decision Table
Answer: A E

30. The initial urgency of a case is 5.
The first assignment is ready at 8am on Monday
There is an initial delay of 4 hours and an initial urgency of 5
The Goal is set for 6 hours with an urgency of 5
The Dead line is set for 24 hours with an urgency of 5
The Passed Deadline is set for 12 hours with an urgency of 5
What is the urgency on Tuesday at 8pm? (Choose 1)
A. 10
B. 15
C. 20
D. 25
E. 30
Answer: C

31. What level correspond to Development and Staging? (Choose 2)
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4
E. 5
Answer: B D

32. You want to save a data page in an external data base
What is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Use a Connector
B. Use a Report Definition
C. Use a Data Base Save
D. Use an activity
Answer: C

33. Which of the followings are true regarding the importance of a column in a table? (Choose 1)
A. When reaching the default breakpoint, only the “primary” column will be hidden
B. When reaching the default breakpoint, only the “other” columns will be displayed
C. When reaching the default breakpoint, only the “other” columns will be hidden
D. When reaching the default breakpoint, only the “secondary” columns will be displayed
Answer: C

34. What of the following is true regarding the localisation process? (Choose 2)
A. You can translate rules such as correspondence, Paragraph and question set for surveys
B. You can select if the field values are going to a separate RuleSet
C. You can directly edit the translation into Pega
D. You have to use Excel and use the file directly in the import translated file wizard
E. You have to repackage the XML file before uploading the translated files
Answer: B E

35. In what version would you implement a new feature to a case? (Choose 1)
A. Minor
B. Major
C. Patch
D. Beta
Answer: A

36. How can you name a ruleset? (Choose 2)
A. Risk Mgmt:01-01-01
B. Risk-Mgmt:01.01.01
C. RiskMgmt:01-01-01
D. RM:01-01-01
E. Risk_Mgmt:01-01-01
Answer: C D

37. What do you need to configure to unit test a rule? (Choose 1)
A. Create a ruleset to store the unit test rules
B. Create an access group to access the unit test rules
C. Create an application containing the test rules
D. Create a work group to access the unit test rules
Answer: A

38. You can link a user story to? (Choose 2)
A. a Feature
B. a sub Feature
C. a Stage
D. an Assignment
Answer: A B

39. Select two use cases supported by Agile Workbench. (Choose 2)
A. You need to adjust the due date for several user stories.
B. During a peer review, the reviewer discovers and records an application bug.
C. The lead developer creates a new application for the development team.
D. The project team discusses how many application developers are needed and reports back to the stakeholders.
Answer: A B

40. Which role is the advocate for business users? (Choose 1)
A. SA
B. SSA
C. BA
D. SME
Answer: C

41. Which discipline allow SME/BA/SA to enter requirements in Pega? (Choose 1)
A. DCO
B. Scrum
C. Sprint
D. Compliance tools
Answer: A

42. You should follow best practices at all cost?
A. True
B. False
Answer: B

43. In a warranty application, too many cases were found to be duplicate cases and it was difficult to resolve the cases. What measure do you suggest reducing the number of duplicate cases? (Choose 1)
A. Use clipboard to adjust the condition weights
B. Use Track Duplicates tab to adjust the condition weights
C. Use clipboard to adjust the threshold value
D. Use Tracer to adjust the threshold value
Answer: B

44. Priya is configuring duplicate case search step for identifying duplicate travel booking cases booked by the same customer. She plans to use customer ID, travel date and travel location properties for identifying the duplicates. Which of the following would be the correct configuration? (Choose 1)
A. Travel date as basic condition, customer ID and travel location as weighted condition
B. Travel location and travel date as basic conditions and customer ID as weighted condition
C. Customer ID as basic condition, travel date and travel location as weighted conditions
D. Customer ID, travel date and travel location as weighted conditions
Answer: C

45. Management reports that an unacceptably large number of cases are incorrectly identified as potential duplicate cases. Which two approaches can you use to modify the duplicate case search process so that the process produces fewer invalid duplicates? (Choose 2)
A. Increase the weights for all basic conditions.
B. Do not use a basic condition.
C. Increase the threshold value.
D. Adjust the condition weights.
E. Add a second Search duplicate cases step to filter out invalid duplicates.
Answer: C D

46. As a customer I want to be able to cancel a request at any time. What is the best approach to configure this US? (Choose 1)
A. Add an approve/reject step
B. Add an alternate stage
C. Add a case-wide optional action
D. Add a cancel button on all views of the case life cycle
E. Add a process in all primary stage
Answer: C

47. Which requirement could be satisfied with an optional user action? (Choose 1)
A. An application randomly sends a survey to customers once their case is resolved.
B. Allow a user to transfer a case to another employee at one specific stage of the case.
C. Reassign any task that remains open after three days to another user.
D. Require a separate approval process whenever an order exceeds USD 10,000.
E. Send an email to the assignee
Answer: B

48. When in the process of opening an account, the SME decides to add the possibility for the CSR to send an email to the customer, if the client requests it. The email will be populated with data coming from a series of forms. How to implement this? (Choose 1)
A. Optional action
B. update the flow
C. optional process
D. parallel process
Answer: C

49. You have to implement the following business decision in a flow.
If the Status of the customer is Gold and Total Amount for the purchase is > 1000 then return FULL_DISOUNT
If the Status of the customer is Silver and Total Amount for the purchase is > 750 then return DICOUNT
If the Status of the customer is Bronze and Total Amount for the purchase is > 500 then return SMALL_DISCOUNT
How do you configure the decision connectors? (Choose 1)
A. 2 connectors (Discount applies or not)
B. 3 connectors (1 for each Status)
C. 4 connectors (1 for each Total Amount and 1 Else)
D. 6 connectors (1 for each Status and Total Amount)
E. 4 connectors (1 for each discount and 1 else)
Answer: E

50. Automating decisions based on business logic. (Choose 3)
A. architects to improve the performance of automated decision.
B. accelerate the process of some business decision.
C. application users to focus on more nuanced decisions that require business expertise.
D. architects to spend less time building the application and unit tests.
E. Business to spend more time discovering what can be automated
Answer: B C E

51. You should implement a decision shape when (Choose 2)
A. Need to apply a discount based on Customer status and Total amount of the purchase order
B. The age of the driving license applicant must be 18 years old or more
C. The duration of the loan cannot greater than 3 years if the car is more than 5 years old
D. An approval is needed if the booking is regarding the presidential suite.
E. A CSR to send an email if the customer asks for it.
Answer: A D

52. Choose two use cases that require the configuration of conditional paths within the case type. (Choose 2)
A. A shopping application requires a guest to fill out payment information. A user who enters a membership number skips the payment information step.
B. A scholarship eligibility application requires students to enter standardized test scores. Students with qualifying test scores can schedule an interview. Students without qualifying test scores receive a rejection email.
C. A catering booking application requires customers to enter information about expected party size, event date, and event time. When customers submit the information, the catering company sends a confirmation email.
D. An application requires customers to specify the type of request from a drop-down list. The request routes to the appropriate department work queue. A user with access to the work queue processes the case through fulfilment.
Answer: A B

53. What is false about skipping process or stage? (Choose 2)
A. You cannot skip the first process
B. You cannot skip the last stage
C. Use the same when rule to skip a stage and a process
D. Use the same when rule to skip 2 stages
Answer: A C

54. You want to create a case and automatically make it a child; how do you achieve this? (Choose 1)
A. Create a child case in Dev Studio and reference it from a change stage step in the parent
B. Create a case in App Studio and use a create case step in the parent case in Dev Studio
C. Create a case in App Studio and use a create case step in the parent case in App Studio
D. Create a case in App Studio and use a create case step in the parent case in Dev Studio
Answer: C

55. In a Sales application, during a purchase order (PO) providers must be contacted (PC) for the items that are not in stock anymore. How can you configure the case types to reflect the relationship? (Choose 1)
A. Make both PO and PC parent of Sales
B. Make PC parent of PO
C. Make PO parent of PC
D. Make Sales parent and PO and PC child
E. Make Sales Parent of PO and PC child of PO
Answer: C

56. In an online shopping application, the primary case type PurchaseOrder has two child case types: Payment and Packaging. In processing PurchaseOrder case PO-11, the Payment case Pay-37 and Packaging case Pac-56 are created. Which statement about the processing of PO-11, Pay-37, and Pac-56 is correct? (Choose 1)
A. PO-11 can be resolved when either Pay-37 or Pac-56 is resolved.
B. Both Pay-37 and Pac-56 must be resolved before PO-11 can be resolved.
C. Pac-56 must be resolved before Pay-37 is resolved.
D. PO-11 must be resolved before either Pay-37 and Pac-56 is resolved.
Answer: B

57. Which requirement is best implemented by using a Wait step in a case? (Choose 2)
A. You cannot proceed in an expense report until a manager approves the request.
B. You must pause a case until a user uploads a signed document.
C. Wait for the case to reach a status.
D. You cannot complete car accident claim if an injured person is still in the hospital.
E. Wait using a timer to reference a date/time
Answer: D E

58. In the integration designer you can learn about what? (Choose 2)
A. Case Types
B. Data Pages
C. User Views
D. Property types
Answer: A B

59. What are the types of validation for data? (Choose 2)
A. Property type
B. Validate rules
C. Java Validate rules
D. When rules
Answer: A B

60. In a mortgage loan case type, applicants enter data in the Credit score, Income, Assets, Liabilities, and Loan amount fields. The data is submitted on different processes in the case type. The system informs applicants that, based on the data they provided in the Financial information stage, there are no loans available, and the case does not enter the Loan stage. How would you configure the case type to perform the data validation described in this scenario? (Choose 1)
A. Configure business logic validation on each form.
B. Set the control for each field to allow only valid data.
C. Configure business logic validation on the Loan stage.
D. Set each field to the appropriate field type to test for valid data.
E. Configure business logic validation on the Financial information stage
Answer: C

61. You want to validate the format of a French SSN you use (Choose 1)
A. declare expression rule
B. validate rule
C. edit format rule
D. edit validate rule
Answer: D

62. You want to create a report to find out what is the average total of purchase orders on your online sales shop? (Choose 1)
A. Business reports
B. Process reports
C. Case reports
D. User reports
Answer: A

63. You want to create a report to find out the average time assignments are processed (Choose 1)
A. Business reports
B. Process reports
C. Case reports
D. User reports
Answer: B

64. In order to add a chart to a report, the report must contain (Choose 1)
A. A field of type Integer or Decimal
B. A group by field configured
C. A summarised field
D. A filter to count records
Answer: C

65. A manager has requested a report that shows the purchase requests for each of the regional cost centres. The manager wants to organize the results so that the cost centre appears only once on the report and the requests are listed under the cost centre. How should you configure the report? (Choose 1)
A. Use the requests column to group the results.
B. Filter the results so that only cost centre and requests are included in the report.
C. Use the cost centre column to group the results.
D. Summarize the requests column by count.
Answer: C

66. You want to display the number of cars sold (cases) per salesman in the last month (status of the case being resolved-completed), how do you configure? (Choose 2)
A. Group by salesman
B. Group by case ID
C. Summarize the salesman
D. Summarize the case ID
Answer: C

67. You want to display the number of cars sold per salesman in the last month (status of the case being resolved-completed), What do you use to filter? (Choose 2)
A. Salesman
B. Case ID
C. Case Status
D. Resolution Date
Answer: C D

68. Styling From App Studio you can style the application using (Choose 1)
A. Themes
B. Custom CSS
C. Skins
D. Mixins
Answer: A

69. The legal department references state and local laws on multiple forms in the company's HR application. Stakeholders would like the references styled differently to distinguish the content. How do you implement the requirement to apply font styling on all legal references found in the application? (Choose 1)
A. Run a case type that uses the text element and change the font on the form view.
B. Upload a new theme text.
C. Open the application theme and add a new theme text that maps to a text element for legal references.
D. Upload a new theme
Answer: C

70. What is true about a portal? (Choose 2)
A. A web channel in use by your application
B. Two default portals for end users are App Studio and Dev Studio
C. You cannot modify the default portals
D. Can contains Dashboards and Standard pages
Answer: A D

71. What is true configuring portals in App Studio? (Choose 2)
A. You can create new Pages
B. You cannot add Portals to Roles
C. You cannot add a dashboard
D. You can configure what pages are visible depending on roles and portals
Answer: A D

72. Which of the following statements are true about the dashboard? (Choose 2)
A. The dashboard displays key performance indicators (KPIs) and operational information about your application.
B. Each role-based interface includes a dashboard tailored to the role.
C. When a user with the Case Manager role signs in to the Pega application, they are presented with an empty dashboard that they must fill with widgets specific to the Case Manager role.
D. The dashboard should contain all available widgets for a specific role to help increase productivity.
Answer: A B

73. Adding roles Identify the use case that requires creating a new role. (Choose 1)
A. A new application is created.
B. An additional combination of channel interface and permissions is necessary.
C. The permissions for an existing role are too limited for the work to be done.
D. An additional person needs to interact with an application.
Answer: B

74. What best describes a case? (Choose 1)
A. Business transaction
B. Business process
C. Life cycle
Answer: A

75. At design time you figure out that a process would need an urgency, a status and/or is independent, you should transform it to: (Choose 1)
A. A case
B. a case type
C. a flow
D. a life cycle
Answer: B

76. What rule is created when creating a process? (Choose 1)
A. Stage rule
B. Process rule
C. Flow rule
D. None
Answer: C

77. What technology allows you to create an application where you can interact with your users in the channel of their choice? (Choose 1)
A. Enterprise class structure
B. Low-code development
C. Model driven approach
D. Holistic view approach
E. Traditional development
Answer: B

78. What is a benefit of Pega low-code development? (Choose 2)
A. Pega makes low-code development easy for very simple applications only.
B. The Pega user interface allows only low-code users to build applications.
C. The Pega low-code development tools create the code for you.
D. Pega low-code development increases both productivity and IT involvement.
E. Pega low-code development increases productivity.
Answer: C E

79. Which studio do you use to configure a service level agreement (SLA) with a passed deadline? (Choose 1)
A. App Studio
B. Dev Studio
C. Admin Studio
D. Prediction Studio
Answer: B

80. What are you using Admin Studio for? (Choose 1)
A. Manage the different channels of the organisation
B. Advanced application development
C. Manage DevOps, clusters and security
D. Manage Operators and Access Groups
Answer: C

81. What case life cycle design allows you to do? (Choose 2)
A. define how work is completed for each specific customer request.
B. define processes and steps to implement the five necessary stages of work.
C. define a structure to create, process, and resolve work.
D. define the user interface appearance
Answer: C

82. Which two of the following methods can configure one stage in the case life cycle to advance to the next? (Choose 2)
A. Configure automatic stage transitioning in the stage contextual property panel.
B. Add a Change Stage step.
C. While running a case, use the Actions menu to change the stage.
D. Configure the stage to resolve the case in the stage properties panel.
Answer: A B

83. When modelling the life cycle of a case, stages represent? (Choose 2)
A. Significant change in the status of a case.
B. Transfer of authority.
C. Time period for a process to complete.
D. Subset of data used to resolve a case
Answer: A B

84. When modelling the life cycle of a case, alternate stages _______ and ____________. (Choose 2)
A. Represent a separate, but related, business transaction.
B. Can be sequenced into primary stages.
C. Represent exceptions to the normal course of events.
D. Can be reached by user action at runtime only
Answer: B C

85. Select two benefits of following Pega's guardrails. (Choose Two)
A. Guardrails help developers to track compliance with Pega's best practices.
B. Guardrails help developers build applications that are easier to maintain and have fewer defects.
C. Guardrails help managers create schedules for efficiently allocating developer resources.
D. Guardrails help project managers ensure that applications are completed on time.
Answer: A B

86. A Collect Information step in the case life cycle sets the status to Pending-Approval. When does the case status automatically update? (Choose 1)
A. Case status updates at the beginning of the step.
B. Case status updates at the end of the step.
C. Case status updates at the end of the process containing the step.
D. Case status cannot update automatically.
Answer: A

87. Adding instructions to a step ______ (Choose 1)
A. Describes the business value of the step.
B. Describes to users the action to take in a step.
C. Instructs an application developer how to build the step.
D. Defines the step.
Answer: B

88. What is true about Goal and Deadline? (Choose 2)
A. Deadline starts after the Goal line
B. Both Goal and Deadline starts at the same time
C. The Goal line always starts after the assignment is ready
D. An initial delay can be applied after the assignment is ready
Answer: B D

89. From App Studio you can apply a Goal and Deadline to what element? (Choose 1)
A. Any step
B. Each case
C. Every multi-step form step
D. Any Approve & Reject step
Answer: D

90. The deadline milestone in a service level defines that amount of time ___________. (Choose 2)
A. in which the case or step should be completed.
B. in which the case or step must be completed.
C. allowed before an assignment is considered overdue.
D. allowed for users to advance to the next stage.
Answer: B C

91. The primary purpose of a service level is to __________. (Choose 1)
A. automatically send correspondence to the assignee.
B. Re-assign cases to an available case worker.
C. help ensure timely completion of work
D. generate service level reports.
Answer: C

92. The user story says: The auditor must complete the initial checklist form regarding a request from a VIP within the next 2 hours so the system can send an email to to inform the client about the progress been made.
Where do you configure the SLA (Choose 1)?
A. The step
B. The case type
C. The stage
D. The process
Answer: A

93. You want to capture the marital status. The options are Single, Married, Divorced and Widowed. What is the best approach to define the field(s) when creating the data model? (Choose 1)
A. 4 Check boxes
B. 1 Picklist
C. 4 Booleans
D. 1 Text
Answer: B

94. When configuring a view in App Studio, you can reuse saved views ________. (Choose 1)
A. That have been created in App Studio only
B. In Read-Only mode only
C. In auto (editable) mode only
D. You can decide what mode (auto/read-only) to use
Answer: D

95. You have a hotel booking case type that displays room availabilities. Customers can see the available rooms which are identified by the type, the size and the amenities. The case type displays more details when selecting a room. What are fields? (Choose 2)
A. Room
B. Customer
C. Amenities
D. Type
Answer: C D

96. What is the difference between a single record and a list of records when configuring a Data Reference? (Choose 1)
A. Main difference is a single record is singular when list is plural
B. The IDs of the records are required when configuring a list
C. A list can fetch multiple objects of different data types
D. A single record will fetch an object when a list will fetch multiple object
Answer: D

97. In a job interview application, candidates must enter their previous jobs. What field types do you configure to collect this information? (Choose 1)
A. A field group list
B. Multiple field groups
C. Text (paragraph)
D. Multiple text (paragraph)
Answer: A

98. Which two statements identify a benefit of using calculated fields? (Choose 2)
A. Calculated fields are indicated to users with a special character.
B. Calculations reduce mistakes by avoiding the need for manual computation of values.
C. Calculations update user form content when user complete a step.
D. Calculations automatically update fields whenever input values change.
Answer: B D

99. What two items describe the function of a calculation network? (Choose 2)
A. Update all relevant fields whenever a value changes.
B. Automatically configure custom calculations.
C. Identify the relationship between fields.
D. Determine the calculation function for a group of fields.
Answer: A C

100. What is the role of data records in an application? (Choose 1)
A. Data records provide access to data that is used to process cases but is not part of an application.
B. Data records and data types share the same role, which is to provide structure for data views.
C. Data records direct how an assignment moves forward.
D. Data records must be stored using a database table for local data storage.
Answer: A

101. What is true about Robotic? (Choose 2)
A. Preferred way of integration with external application with an API
B. Preferred way of integration with external application without an API
C. Attended RPA refers to automation that works alongside a human involved in the process
D. Unattended RPA refers to automation that works alongside a human involved in the process
Answer: B C

102. When creating a data type from a REST web service what are you configuring? (Choose 2)
A. Endpoint URLs for different environments
B. JDBC URL for different environments
C. GET or POST method for the REST method
D. Parameters name and value of the URL part
Answer: A C

103. An insurance company has different department for each type of contract (Home, Car, Jewellery). Each Department has a work queue. The company requires you to assign approvals to the department based on the type of contract. For instance, jewellery approval should go to the Jewellery department. (Choose 1)
A. Route the assignment based on approver’s skills.
B. Route the assignment to the correct work queue based on business logic.
C. Route the assignment based on an approver role.
D. Route the assignment based on an approver workload.
Answer: B

104. When using business logic for routing, what option can you implement? (Choose 2)
A. Route to work queue only
B. Route to work queue and/or operator
C. Group condition using AND only
D. Group condition using AND / OR
Answer: B C

105. You are configuring routing for a car insurance request. All car insurance quotes requests are routed to the car insurance group except for cars that are worth more than $1M as its need to be reviewed by the director of the luxury department.
How do you configure assignment? (Choose 1)
A. Route the assignment to the director of luxury when the request is for luxury car. Otherwise, route the assignment to the car insurance group.
B. Route the assignment to the car insurance group who sends an email notification to the director of luxury regarding the car.
C. Route the assignment to the director of luxury who routes assignments to the car insurance group as needed.
D. Route the assignment to the skilled group for luxury cars when the request is for a luxury car. Otherwise, route the assignment to the car insurance group.
Answer: A

106. Which scenario describes the appropriate use of an Approve/Reject step? (Choose 2)
A. Customers place online orders by adding items to the cart, entering shipping and payment information, and finalizing the order. Depending on what department the items are associated with a final decision has to be done by the FCO before a different team handles the order fulfilment.
B. Customers submit support requests to a company. In the support requests, customers specify their preferred language. Based on customers' preferred language, the case is routed to the worklist of a customer service representative who speaks that language.
C. Employees that incur work-related expenses must submit expense reports for review. If the expenses are less than USD1000, the case is routed to the employee’s direct manager; otherwise, the case is routed to the department manager.
D. Employees must periodically submit self-evaluations to their reporting managers. If the manager decides that the candidate evaluation is sufficient, the case continues. If the manager decides that the evaluation needs additional elaboration, the case is routed back to the candidate.
Answer: A D

107. In a loan application case, a manager and a loan officer must receive automatic email notifications when assignments are routed to their worklists. How do you configure this correspondence requirement? (Choose 1)
A. Before the assignment, add a Send Email step.
B. Enable assignment notifications for the case type.
C. After the assignment, add a Send Email step.
D. Compose email notifications in the assignments.
Answer: B

108. Who is a non-technical business users who participate in application development? (Choose 1)
A. Subject Matter Expert
B. Citizen Developer
C. Product Owner
D. Sponsor
Answer: B

109. Who creates acceptance criteria and prioritizes backlog items? (Choose 1)
A. Subject Matter Expert
B. Citizen Developer
C. Product Owner
D. Sponsor
Answer: C

110. What a BA is responsible for? (Choose 3)
A. Advocates for business users
B. Work with SME to write specs
C. Designs the application
D. Defines SLA
E. Contributes to technical implementation
Answer: A B D

111. Which two statements best describe the relationship between rules in App Studio and Dev Studio? (Choose 2)
A. Rule configurations performed in App Studio must be approved by a developer in Dev Studio.
B. App Studio and Dev Studio store rules in different application layers.
C. Developers in App Studio and Dev Studio configure the same rules, but Dev Studio provides more configuration options.
D. Developers can use Dev Studio to combine rules into solutions such as completed views or processes for use in App Studio.
Answer: C D

112. Under which circumstances the Private Edit button appears? (Choose 2)
A. If the user is not allowed to check out
B. If the rule is locked by another operator
C. If the ruleset of the rule is locked
D. Only if the rule is an OOTB rule from Pega Platform.
Answer: B C

113. What is the purpose of a class in a Pega Platform application? (Choose 2)
A. A class organizes rules within an application based on their capacity for reuse.
B. A class organizes rules that describe how the application interacts with other systems.
C. A class organizes rules that describe the data objects used in the application.
D. A class contains rules that have the same scope.
Answer: A D

114. What is false regarding inheritance? (Choose 2)
A. The last class in the inheritance path of any Pega class is @baseclass
B. Pega is based on Java and uses single inheritance
C. The directed inheritance can be used before pattern inheritance
D. With pattern inheritance, the parent class is explicitly specified
Answer: A C

115. An application references a data element found in the Data-Party class. How is this rule inherited by the application? (Choose 1)
A. By applying directed inheritance.
B. By applying pattern inheritance.
C. By adding the ruleset that contains the property to the application.
D. By naming PegaRULES as the built-on application.
Answer: A

116. Associate inheritance type (Choose 1)
Description
A - You have defined a Flow Action rule in MyOrg-MyApp-Work and you are planning to reuse it in the class MyOrg-MyApp-Work-PO
B - You have defined a rule in a framework representing a regional bloc for the company offices (Like EU for instance) and you are planning to reuse it.
C - You want to reuse an OOTB rule applying to @baseclass.
D - You want to reuse a rule from the division layer of the class structure in your case type.
Source
- Pattern inheritance
- Directed inheritance
A. A1, B1, C2, D2
B. A1, B2, C2, D1
C. A2, B2, C1, D1
D. A2, B1, C1, D2
Answer: B

117. Your application is built on Pega Platform directly and the case type MyOrg-MyApp-Work-PurchaseOrder directly inherits from Work-Cover-. What statements are correct when the system will try to execute a rule? (Choose 2)
A. The system will start searching for the rule in the class MyOrg-MyApp-Work-PurchaseOrder
B. The system will start searching for the rule in the class @baseclass
C. The system will not search for the rule in the class Work-
D. The system will search for the rule in the class MyOrg
Answer: A D

118. In order to enable the “check out” feature you must ensure that? (Choose 2)
A. The operator is allowed to check out
B. The operator group is allowed to check out
C. The rulesets containing the rules you want to be able to check out are enabled for check out
D. The application containing the rules you want to be able to check out are enabled for check out
Answer: A C

119. You want to enhance functionality of an existing application by updating some rules. You would like to have a beta-testers group to validate the changes before everyone can access it. Where do you save the updated rules? (Choose 1)
A. In a new ruleset and the ruleset in a new application.
B. In a new ruleset and the ruleset in a new version of the application.
C. In a new minor version of the ruleset and the ruleset in a new application.
D. In a new minor version of the ruleset and the ruleset in a new version of the application.
Answer: D

120. A new case is created with a default urgency of 15 and the first assignment of the case life cycle is reached at 8 am on Monday the 13th of July.
An initial delay of 4 hours is configured on the SLA and adds up 5 to the urgency.
The Goal line is set to 24 hours and the Dead line is set to 48 hours with both adding 5 to the urgency.
A Passed Dead Line is configured to wait for 6 hours 8 times and add 5 to the urgency.
What is the urgency of the case on Tuesday at 7pm? (Choose 1)
A. 20
B. 25
C. 30
D. 35
Answer: B

121. A new case is created with a default urgency of 10 and the first assignment of the case life cycle is reached at 8 am on Monday the 13th of July.
An initial delay of 4 hours is configured on the SLA for the assignment and adds up 5 to the urgency.
The Goal line is set to 24 hours and the Dead line is set to 48 hours with both adding 5 to the urgency.
A Passed Dead Line is configured to wait for 6 hours 8 times and add 5 to the urgency.
What is the urgency of the assignment on Wednesday at 7pm? (Choose 1)
A. 20
B. 25
C. 30
D. 35
Answer: D

122. What is true about Passed Deadline? (Choose 2)
A. Passed deadline doesn’t start with Goal and Deadline
B. Passed deadline intervals do not have urgency values.
C. Goal and deadline intervals do not repeat.
D. Passed deadline intervals do not have escalation actions.
Answer: A C

123. You want to have 2 managers approving and it doesn’t matter who approves first but you want both approvals to continue processing the case (Choose 1)
A. Create 2 processes with an approval step in each process
B. Create 1 process with 2 approval steps in it
C. Create 2 processes and add an execution condition to the second process
D. Create 2 parallel processes with 1 approval in each
Answer: D

124. What are two methods that you can use to share attached PDF files outside the case? (Choose 2)
A. Copy the file from the database server.
B. Send the PDF by email using a Send email step.
C. Copy the file from the application server.
D. Download the attached PDF file.
Answer: B D

125. A PDF file attached to the case doesn’t present all the information. Which rule or setting do you check to address this issue? (Choose 2)
A. Check the settings that are used in the PDF document.
B. Check the type of fields used in the PDF document.
C. Check the section specified in the Create PDF step of the case life cycle.
D. Check the page orientation and size settings in the Create PDF step.
Answer: C D

126. What is false about Decision table? (Choose 3)
A. You cannot save a decision table with an overlap
B. A decision table is always preferred to a decision tree
C. You can check for conflicts and completeness
D. You cannot save a decision table if the otherwise condition cannot be reached
Answer: A B D

127. What is true about decision table? (Choose 1)
A. An empty cell for a column means the value is null or empty
B. The relationship between the property and the values must be the same for each row
C. A decision table can return true/false
D. The operator between column is always AND
Answer: C

128. What is true regarding decision tables and trees (Choose 2)
A. You should consider Decision Tree for simpler business logic
B. Decision table is the preferred business rule approach compared to Trees
C. A decision tree should be used when many different properties are part of the conditional logic
D. The same result can be achieve using a table or a tree
Answer: C D

129. A booking company want to grant a discount to VIP customers only.
Customers with a status of Bronze are automatically rejected.
Customers with a status of Silver are rejected if either the number of nights spent in hotels is less than 60 or the number of points cumulated is less than 10000
Candidates with a status of Gold are automatically approved.
You use a decision tree to make the evaluations.
Which two branch configurations do you use in the decision tree? (Choose Two)
A. A top-level branch that evaluates the number of nights spent in hotels.
B. An otherwise branch that tests the status is Bronze.
C. A top-level branch that tests for status is Bronze.
D. Two nested branches — one to evaluate number of nights in hotels and another to evaluate the points cumulated.
Answer: C D

130. You have designed either a decision table or a decision tree. You want to verify that the system can evaluate every row regardless of the input values. How do you test your decision logic? (Choose 1)
A. Check the decision tree for conflicts.
B. Run the case and use the Tracer tool.
C. Add the decision tree to a decision shape and create cases that use various test values.
D. Check the decision tree for completeness.
Answer: A

131. An employee submits an expense report and the employee’s direct manager must approve the report. If the total amount of expense report is more than 1000USD, then the report must be approved by multiple people above the manager. The list of approvers is already defined and there are no other conditions.
Which of the following options can be used to configure the approval? (Choose 1)
A. Reporting structure
B. Authority matrix
C. Single level approval
D. Authority structure
Answer: A

132. A requirement states that if the request is less than EUR1000, the request is routed to a cost center manager. If the amount is greater than EUR1000, the request is also routed to a director.
In addition, if the request is for customer billable expenses, the request must be approved by an Account payable manager.
How do you configure the process to satisfy this requirement? (Choose 1)
A. Add a Collect information step. Use the ToDecisionTable router.
B. Add an Approve/Reject step, set the approval flow to cascading and use an authority matrix.
C. Add a Approve/Reject step, set the approval flow type to Single level
D. Add an Approve/Reject step, set the approval flow to cascading and use the reporting structure.
Answer: B

133. Your application requires a cascading approval for expense reports. Approvals must follow the submitter's reporting structure, with the following thresholds.
The manager must approve expense reports of USD500 or less.
A director must approve expense reports of USD1500 or less.
A vice president must approve expense reports of USD1500 or higher.
How do you configure the approval process? (Choose 1)
A. Select the reporting structure configuration with custom levels, then configure when rules to determine the number of levels.
B. Select the authority matrix configuration option.
C. Select the reporting structure configuration, then select All levels.
D. Select the reporting structure configuration with custom levels, then configure a decision table to determine the number of levels.
Answer: A

134. How do you organise users coming from different Business Units and working as a team? (Choose 1)
A. Work Group
B. Work Queue
C. Access Group
D. Shared Group
Answer: B

135. What is true about teams? (Choose 1)
A. A user can access only one work queue
B. A user cannot have access to multiple work groups
C. A work group has a manager and a default work queue
D. A work queue has a manager and a default Business Unit
Answer: C

136. Which requirement can you satisfy by creating a new work queue? (Choose 1)
A. Auditors can access a secondary view with additional information, but other users cannot access the secondary view.
B. Requests for information from prospective customers are directed to the sales representative assigned to the appropriate territory.
C. Inquiries from customers with a higher status tier are triaged before inquiries from customers with a lower status tier.
D. Policy renewals can be processed by any customer service representative (CSR), while coverage changes are assigned to members of a specialized team of underwriters and CSRs.
Answer: D

137. You want to confirm the operator’s information, in what category is the page related to the operator? (Choose 1)
A. System Pages
B. User Pages
C. Data Pages
D. Work Pages
Answer: A

138. What is true about the clipboard? (Choose 2)
A. Memory is organised in thread
B. You can edit the values of all the properties
C. You can access to the page related to a temporary case
D. The clipboard is a live view on the memory and do not need to be refreshed
Answer: A C

139. What contains pyWorkCover page? (Choose 1)
A. If the case is a top-level case then pyWorkCover is empty
B. The direct parent case of the current case
C. The top-level parent case of the current case
D. All the meta data for the current case
Answer: B

140. For which requirement must you configure an edit validate rule in Dev Studio? (Choose 1)
A. The value of the Date of service field must be no more than 15 days for a critical issue, and up to 60 days in the future for an issue with a lower priority.
B. The amount of a transfer between accounts must be greater than zero and less than the available balance of the originating account.
C. The format of the email must be one owned by the company.
D. An email address is required for a case to enter the Approval stage.
Answer: C

141. What rule can reference a validation rule? (Choose 2)
A. A validation rule
B. An edit validate rule
C. A flow action
D. A flow
Answer: A C

142. In which rule are you referencing the edit validate rule (Choose 1)
A. Flow
B. Section
C. Flow Action
D. Property
Answer: D

143. You want to ensure the value of the Social Security Number is 13 digits, how can you configure such validation? (Choose 2)
A. Set the type of the property to Integer and add a mix/max characters to the control settings
B. Set the type of the property to Text and add a mix/max characters to the control settings
C. Add a validate rule to the view
D. Add an edit validate rule to the property
Answer: A D

144. In .Client.Address(shipping).PostCode apply the correct mapping (Choose 1)
Property
A - .Client
B - .Address(Shipping)
C - .PostCode
Source
1- Single Page
2- Page List
3- Page Group
4- Single Value
A. A1, B2, C4
B. A2, B1, C3
C. A4, B3, C1
D. A1, B3, C4
Answer: D

145. A data transform should be used when (Choose 2)
A. Mapping data from an external System to Pega and vice versa
B. Manipulate data in memory
C. Query external system
D. Cache data in memory
Answer: A B

146. What are the different actions you can perform with a data transform? (Choose 3)
A. Loop through a Page List or Page Group
B. Sort a Page List or a Page Group
C. Add conditional processing
D. Execute another Data Transform
Answer: A C D

147. A healthcare services case has a child case that handles the hospital intake questionnaire.
The patient can self-identify symptoms from a list of possible symptoms in the child case.
Selected symptoms are copied over to the parent case with a status of "Unconfirmed."
In the parent case, the physician can update the symptoms listed and their associated status.
Which two configurations would be part of the Selected Symptoms data transform? (Choose 2)
A. Copy the list of possible symptoms and set a filter on the parent case view to filter the list by selected symptoms.
B. Set the status for each copied symptom equal to "Unconfirmed.".
C. Iterate over the list of possible symptoms and copy those entries selected by the patient during intake.
D. Remove unselected symptoms from the source of possible symptoms.
Answer: B C

148. In the Personal Insurance division, a goal and deadline date are assigned to each case. For insurance claims cases, stakeholders want to override the default goal date but maintain the default deadline date.
What two configuration steps do you take to meet this requirement? (Choose 2)
A. In the Claims data transform, for each case type, configure an Update Page action and set the goal date value.
B. Select the Call superclass data transform option in the Claims data transform and clear the option in the parent data transform.
C. In each case type data transform, set the goal date to the required value.
D. Select the Call superclass data transform option in each of the case type data transforms.
Answer: C D

149. What is the impact of ticking the check box “call superclass”? (Choose 1)
A. That tells the system to execute the current Data Transform when instantiating the case in order to set the default values
B. That will first execute the Data Transform applying to the class @supeclass
C. This will execute the data transform with the same name applying to its parent class before the execution of the current data transform
D. This will execute the data transform with the same name applying to its parent class after the execution of the current data transform
Answer: C

150. What are valid options for a Data Page source? (Choose 2)
A. Data Transform
B. Data Type
C. Connector
D. Utility
Answer: A C

151. What are valid options for the refreshment strategy of a data page? (Choose 3)
A. Once per interaction
B. Date/Time property reference
C. Timer
D. Do NOT refresh when
Answer: A C D

152. What is the data access you will select if you want to create a pointer to data stored in a data page from the current case? (Choose 1)
A. Manual
B. Automatic reference to class instance
C. Refer to a data page
D. Copy data from a data page
Answer: C

153. Exchange rates are updated daily from a web service. You make the exchange rates available in your application using a data page.
Which scope do you select for the data page? (Choose 1)
A. Thread.
B. Node.
C. Request.
D. Application
Answer: B

154. You want a data page to be sourced using a lookup, what is required? (Choose 2)
A. Structure as a page
B. Read Only mode
C. Parameter
D. Filter
Answer: A C

155. A data page has a refresh if older than 15 minutes configured.
Data page created at 8:00
Accessed at 8:10
Accessed at 8:20
When is it refreshed?
A. 8:10
B. 8:15
C. 8:20
D. 8:25
Answer: C

156. Page Which two statements are true about data save options for savable data pages? (Choose 2)
A. You cannot use data pages with a page list structure as savable data pages.
B. You can configure a data page with multiple save options based on conditions.
C. Only Data pages with a page structure can use the Database save option.
D. The Activity data save option is the best method for writing data to external sources.
Answer: B C

157. A developer is designing a view that necessitates a dynamic layout group, but is unsure how to achieve this configuration.
What should the developer do to learn how to configure a dynamic layout group? (Choose 1)
A. Find an example of a dynamic layout group in the UI Kit ruleset.
B. Use the example of a dynamic layout group the UI Gallery provides.
C. Add a new dynamic layout group to the section of interest.
D. Review the UI guardrail issues.
Answer: B

158. You want to cache some data coming from an external REST web service you decide to use a data page.
The business requirement is to persist the data within the case at run time.
As the SA on the project, what is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Configure a Data Page Savable
B. Configure a page property to refer the data page
C. Configure a page property to copy the data page
D. Configure a data transform to copy the content of the data page
Answer: C

159. How do you set the responsiveness for a particular portion of the screen? (Choose 1)
A. Edit the format in the skin to use responsive breakpoints and reference the format in the layout.
B. Set the importance of the layout to be other
C. Set the responsive breakpoints in the properties of the layout
D. Create a custom CSS and use is in the presentation properties of the layout
Answer: A

160. What is the purpose of the “use native controls” option in a control? (Choose 1)
A. Tell the system to use custom CSS loaded in the client cache
B. Use the default theme of the mobile device
C. Enforce the use of controls that are coming from the Pega-UI-Mobile ruleset
D. Enforce the use of specific mobile device controls such as dial pad
Answer: D

161. Select two best practices to follow when designing mobile applications. (Choose 2)
A. Incorporate native device features.
B. Configure horizontal scrolling for smaller devices.
C. Use controls that support tapping.
D. Enable server-side decisions and validations.
Answer: A C

162. You have a table displaying the name of the restaurant, its description, a picture of and a check box to tell if you want to select this restaurant.
You have been told that on smaller devices customers were obliged to scroll horizontally to see the whole content of the table.
You want to get rid of the description column when the screen is smaller than 768px.
How to change this using responsiveness? (Choose 1)
A. Use a dynamic layer and change the format from triple to stack when below 768px
B. Use primary for the name and picture and set secondary to the select column and set to other the description column
C. Use the primary for name, secondary for Description and tertiary for selected and picture
D. Use primary for the name, secondary for picture and selected and other for description
Answer: D

163. You want to make the date of marriage field mandatory on a form if the marital status has been set to Married, what is the setting you are using? (Choose 1)
A. Use a radio buttons control to display all the options for the marital status and display the Marriage date next to the option Married
B. Use a dropdown and make it visible when the marital status is Married
C. Use a radio button to display the Marriage date and make it required when the marital status is Married
D. Use a dropdown to display the marital status and make the Marriage date required when the marital status is Married
Answer: D

164. What is true about Layouts and Design Templates? (Choose 2)
A. Dynamic Layouts automatically adjust to screen size and Design Templates allow easy update structure of the forms
B. Dynamic layouts are available only to user interfaces rendered in the HTML5 document type and you can add as many new Design Template as you want.
C. Layouts can be used to quickly create properties and Design templates contain views
D. Dynamic Layouts automatically adjust to screen size and you can only select OOTB design templates from App Studio
Answer: A B

165. You want to display a form displaying all the information about a product and you want this form to repeat on the screen for each item in the shopping cart, what is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Use a table layout and source it with the shoppingCart item list
B. Use a repeating table layout and source it with the shoppingCart item list
C. Use a repeating Dynamic layout and source it with the shoppingCart item list
D. Use the Shopping Cart Design Template available in the UI gallery
Answer: C

166. Choose the correct statement about modifying the layout of a view in App Studio. (Choose 1)
A. From the case life cycle, you can configure a view and modify the layout.
B. At run-time, change the template to modify the layout.
C. From the Views tab of a case type, you can modify the layout of an existing view.
D. From App Studio, you cannot modify the view layout. You can make this change in Dev Studio only.
Answer: B

167. What is true about Skins? (Choose 2)
A. Skins contain formats and mixins
B. Skins are predefined and cannot be overridden
C. Skin can inherit from a skin
D. Skin contain formats such as border, typography and background
Answer: A C

168. When choosing a layout-group format, what is true? (Choose 2)
A. To display layouts as simple pages with no headers or menus, select Tab.
B. To display layouts under collapsible headers, select Accordion.
C. To display layouts one at a time as options in a menu, select List.
D. To display all layouts at the same time, with the layouts on top of one another, select Stacked.
Answer: B D

169. You want to reuse a layout from a section into another, you should: (Choose 1)
A. Include the entire section in your section and hide what you don’t need
B. save your layout as a section and include it
C. Use the partial include feature
D. You cannot do it with Pega
Answer: B

170. You want to conditionally display a section containing the spouse information of the employee. The business prefers a dynamic UI that would dynamically display the Spouse information if the employee is married.
How would you accomplish this task? (Choose 1)
A. Adjust the visibility of the section from the section itself using a when rule and select the option to run on the client side.
B. Adjust the visibility of the section from the dropdown
C. Adjust the visibility of the section from the section itself using a condition
D. Adjust the visibility of the section from the section itself using a condition and select the option to run on the client side.
Answer: D

171. You want to ensure the customer provides a valid social security number. What are the combined actions that you take? (Choose 2)
A. Configure an Edit Validate rule
B. Configure a Format rule
C. Configure a Validate rule
D. Configure the Field/Control settings in the view/section
Answer: A D

172. What is true about simulation? (Choose 2)
A. You can only view the simulated data types from Dev Studio
B. You can also simulate your data source when the source system does not have data, or the API is under development.
C. You can add sample source data, or records, to the data object and then configure the view to access the simulated data source
D. You cannot simulate local system of records
Answer: B C

173. Associate concept and definition (Choose 1)
Definition
A - defines an outbound request for information based on metadata that is published for the data source.
B - processes an inbound request and responds to the requesting system.
C - do the mapping between data model from the external system and the application data model
D - Store the data in memory and references the mapping rules
Concept
1- Data Page
2- Connector
3- Data Transform
4- Service
A. A2, B4, C3, D1
B. A4, B2, C3, D1
C. A4, B2, C1, D3
D. A2, B4, C1, D3
Answer: A

174. Which two configurations does the Data Object wizard support? (Choose 2)
A. Define a condition to determine when to access the data source.
B. Assign multiple data sources to a data object.
C. Configure parameters for elements of the call to the data source.
D. Define multiple endpoints for a data source.
Answer: C D

175. A hacker uses a robot to crack the login password. The robot compares hashed passwords to hashed values collected in a lookup table. What type of attack is the hacker using? (Choose 1)
A. Brute-force attack.
B. Cracking attack.
C. Rainbow attack.
D. Dictionary attack
Answer: C

176. Associate concept and definition (Choose 1)
Definition
A - you configure access by defining roles with the desired authorization and privileges
B - confirms the identity of a user and verifies that the user is allowed access to an application
C - determines what data the user can view and what actions the user can perform
D - align with the role that developers can assign to users in App Studio E - categorizes users according to their job function
Concept
1- Role-based access control model
2- Authentication
3- Authorisation
4- Access groups
5- Access roles
A. A1, B3, C2, D5, E4
B. A1, B2, C3, D4, E5
C. A1, B2, C3, D5, E4
D. A2, B3, C4, D1, E5
Answer: B

177. What are the options in the Access Manager? (Choose 2)
A. Full Access
B. Deny
C. No Access
D. Conditional Deny
Answer: A C

178. What two passwords are secured? (Choose 2)
A. YouWontBelieveItButThereIsNoPasswordAtAll
B. qwertyLKJHGHF123987!”£$%^&*(
C. P3g4Syst3m5
D. Hola
Answer: A B

179. A new employee needs all the privileges of the role for authors and some privileges from the managers role. What is your approach? (Choose 1)
A. Add both roles to the new person
B. Add the person to both roles
C. Create a new role based on author and add some manager privileges
D. Create a new role and add some privileges from author and manager
Answer: C

180. What is true about Field level auditing? (Choose 2)
A. You configure the field level auditing at the case level
B. You cannot audit fields of a field group or field group list
C. Field-level tracking, and changes made in an instance of a rule, are captured in the History- class.
D. The actions are automatically recorded for the field on the form Audit tab, in the history section.
Answer: A C

181. Associate concept and definition (Choose 1)
Definition
A - allows you to capture and view the events that occur during case processing
B - presents the current value of properties in memory
C - focus on an activity or series of activities that you want to trace
D - highlights the property change
Concept
1- Tracer
2- Clipboard
3- Watch
4- Breakpoints
A. A1, B2, C3, D4
B. A2, B1, C3, D4
C. A2, B1, C4, D3
D. A1, B2, C4, D3
Answer: D

182. What are the DevOps Continous Integration best practices? (Choose 2)
A. Automatically trigger merges and builds by using the Deployment Manager
B. Publish the exported application archives into a repository, such as JFrog Artifactory, to maintain a version history of deployable applications
C. Use Docker or a similar tool to create test environments for user acceptance tests (UAT) and exploratory tests
D. Create a wide variety of regression tests through the user interface and the service layer
Answer: A B

183. When running a unit test, how to set up your test environment? (Choose 2)
A. Run a data transform to populate the test page
B. Use a data page that contain the test page
C. Copy an existing page
D. Use pyWorkPage directly
Answer: A C

184. What is true about UI-based scenario tests (Choose 2)
A. You can provide data to your test cases with a predefined data page
B. Tests are saved in a production ruleset
C. Tests are available on the Scenario Testing landing page
D. You can record a scenario from Dev Studio or App Studio
Answer: A C

185. In which two contexts can you record a scenario test case? (Choose 2)
A. Process
B. Section
C. Portal
D. Case type
Answer: C D

