 
1.In which three situations can you use a data transform? (Choose Three) 
A. To set the destination location as the arrival location 
B. To create a new property after case creation 
C. To set the default arrival date to five days in the future 
D. To copy the first and last name properties into a single property value 
E. To perform an action that allows the user to update a reservation 
Answer: A C D 
2.In which scenario is it appropriate to use a layout group? 
A. A view displays four columns when viewed on a tablet and two columns on a mobile device. 
B. A view displays a table with course information, including a description, duration, and cost. 
C. A view displays a text field if the user selects a checkbox to opt in to provide feedback. 
D. A view displays address, contact, and payment information in a series of tabs. 
Answer: D 
3.An order form provides four options from which customers select one option. 
According to best practice, which of the following two UI control types can be used to minimize clutter on 
the order form? (Choose Two) 
A. Dropdown 
B. Checkbox 
C. Radio buttons 
D. Autocomplete 
Answer: A C 
4.In which two situations do you configure local data storage? (Choose Two) 
A. Defining valid values for a property 
B. Caching data retrieved from an external system 
C. Storing reference data as part of the application 
D. Saving case data in an application 
Answer: B C 
5.As part of the case design, after someone completes a purchase, the application should send a 
confirmation email. 
How do you design the case life cycle to send the email? 
A. As part of the stage configuration 
B. As an alternate stage 
C. As part of the case configuration 
D. As a separate process step 
Answer: D 
6.You configure an application to allow users to download a mobile app. When users select one of the 
three supported platforms (Android, iOS, or Windows Mobile), the application opens a new window 
pointing to the appropriate app store. 
How do you configure this behavior? 
 
 
A. Add a button for each platform and configure an action set for each button. In each action set, specify 
a click event and add an action that opens the vendor's URL in a window. 
B. Add one button and configure three action sets. In each action set, specify a click event and add an 
action that opens the vendor's URL in a window. 
C. Add one button and configure one action set. In the action set, specify a click event with three actions 
to open each vendor URL in a window. Apply a when rule to each action to determine the correct URL. 
D. Add three check boxes and one button. For each check box, configure an action set with a click event 
to set the value of the URL. For the button, configure an action set with a click event to open the URL in 
a window. 
Answer: A 
7.Customers check their membership status with a company loyalty program by entering their full name 
and member ID number. Once the membership status is returned, the customer either abandons the 
case or makes changes to their membership. If the member chooses to make changes, a case ID is 
assigned to the request. 
Which two configurations, when applied in combination, achieve this behavior? (Choose Two) 
A. Configure the stage to resolve the case. 
B. Configure the case type to create temporary cases. 
C. Add a decision step to the process. 
D. Add a Persist case step to the case life cycle. 
Answer: C D 
8.Which two statements about data objects are true? (Choose Two) 
A. Data objects can reuse assets from an existing data object through inheritance. 
B. A draft data object references a data type. 
C. A data object created in App Studio creates a data type in Dev Studio. 
D. Data objects are sourced from an external system of record. 
Answer: A C 
9.Given a table which shows total working hours, sick, vacation. Identify how we calculate the respective 
values 
A. Total working hours 
B. Calculate field, data transform 
C. Sick hours 
D. Leave hours 
Answer: A 
10.A disrupted transaction case records account information using a page property. Account information 
is recorded at the time the case is created and does not update when the case is further processed. 
Account information is stored in an external system and accessed by a data page. 
How do you configure the account information page? 
A. Select refer to a data page on the page property 
B. Configure the page property to refer to a keyed data page 
C. Define a reference property that refers to the data page 
 
 
D. Select copy from a data page on the page property 
Answer: A 
11.Choose two scenarios that you configure using procedural processing. (Choose Two) 
A. A prescription order page with a list of available prescriptions sent from the customer's health care 
provider. When the user opts to fill one or more prescriptions, the cost summary updates. 
B. A restaurant reservation page in which the user chooses a reservation and the system returns the 
number of available tables. 
C. A purchase order request page with a summary of items. The order total price updates after the 
customer changes a quantity. 
D. A flight booking page where customers can adjust the location and date of the departure and return 
flights. The ticket prices recalculate after the customer chooses the "recalculate price" option. 
Answer: A B 
12.DRAG DROP 
Select each Use Case on the left and drag it to the appropriate Automation on the right. 
Answer: 
 
 
13.An online sales application supports both laptop and mobile devices. You are configuring the 
application skin and you notice the responsive layout in the mobile device is not displaying views as 
stakeholders require. 
Which two options allow you to resolve this situation without negatively impacting the laptop users? 
(Choose two.) 
A. Use the same application skin in all portals. 
B. Update the process to give mobile users a separate portal. 
C. Do not use a skin for the mobile application version. 
D. Adjust the responsive behavior in the skin for optimal viewing in the mobile portal. 
Answer: B D 
14.A customer refund case type requires that an auditor receives an email notification if the refund is 
greater than twice the price of the item. 
Which participant role do you select to configure this requirement? 
A.  
Customer 
B. Interested individual 
C. Owner 
D. Work queue 
Answer: B 
15.What are the minimum components of a user interface (Ul) action set? 
A. Two actions and one event 
B. One action and one event 
C. One action, one event, and one condition 
D. One action and one condition 
Answer: B 
 
 
16.In a purchase request case type, you have the following requirement: Purchase requests should 
automatically go to a manager of an employee. 
To meet this requirement, you design a case with a_________ 
A. step that routes to the manager 
B. change stage step to allow the employee to route to the manager 
C. stage to route requests to the manager 
D. process that routes to the manager 
Answer: A 
17.You are designing a form for an online bookstore to show new arrivals. 
Which layout do you use to display the book cover pictures, as shown in the image? 
A. Screen layout 
B. Column layout 
C. Repeating dynamic layout 
D. Dynamic layout 
Answer: C 
18.Which issue do you address by simulating a data source? 
A. The product database moves to a new data source accessible by a web service that is not yet 
configured. 
B. You need to test a save plan for a savable data page that updates the cost of coverage options for 
insurance policies 
C. In production, the customer database needs to be taken off-line overnight for scheduled maintenance. 
D. An Embedded data field needs simulated data for testing a customer creation view. 
Answer: A 
19.While running a process, you notice that a read-only field on a form contains a value. 
Which tool allows you to determine if a declare expression was used to calculate the value? 
A. Declarative network 
B. Clipboard tool 
C. The Tracer 
D. Live Ul 
Answer: A 
20.You are creating a case type to process job applications for a large corporation. Job applications for 
security positions require a physical assessment in addition to the standard criminal background check. 
The physical assessment can occur before or after the background check. 
How do you configure a case type to achieve the required behavior? 
A. Create a process for the physical assessment that is followed by a process for the background check. 
B. Create a process for the physical assessment that is parallel to the background check process. 
C. Create a process on one stage for the background check and a process on another stage for the 
physical assessment. 
D. Create a process for the background check and an optional process for the physical assessment. 
Answer: B 
 
 
21.Customers on a hotel booking application can add additional amenities to their reservation. The 
application displays a view with the available amenities, descriptions and costs. To reduce scrolling, the 
content is organized into multiple areas. Each area is accessed using a drop down menu that lists each 
amenity. 
How do you configure the user interface to improve access to the content and achieve the business 
requirement described? 
A. Configure a disable when condition on each field to allow access when the associated amenity is 
selected on the drop down control. 
B. Configure a repeating dynamic layout with an embedded section for each amenity and set the layout 
format to grouped. 
C. Configure a layout group to separate each amenity into individual panels and set the layout to a menu 
format. 
D. Configure a visible when condition on the drop down control to display each section when the 
associated amenity is selected. 
Answer: C 
22.A bookseller maintains a database of more than 10,000 book titles. You have been asked to configure 
a form that a allow users to select a book by title. 
How do you configure the form? 
A. Add a drop-down control arid source the data from the property value used in the control. 
B. Add a drop-down control and Source the data using a data page. 
C. Add an autocomplete control and Source the data using a data page. 
D. Add an autocomplete control and source the data from the clipboard work page. 
Answer: C 
23.You have been asked to create a pie chart that shows the number of cases each manager has 
created. A list report contains columns for manager name, case ID, and office. 
How do you configure the list report in order to create the pie chart? 
A. Group the case ID column. 
B. Group the manager name column. 
C. Summarize the manager name column. 
D. Summarize the case ID column 
Answer: D 
24.Which two items must be provided by the user to add an external data source to a data object? 
(Choose Two) 
A. The authenticating information, if required by the corresponding service 
B. A data transform to map the application data model to the connector 
C. A simulated data source to test the implementation 
D. The uniform resource identifier that identifies the web service 
Answer: A D 
25.An international online car parts business wants customers to find parts for any vehicle easily. You are 
 
 
asked to implement the following requirement: Customers muse select a make, model, and year to 
initiate a vehicle-specific search. 
How do you configure the data storage in the application to implement the requirement? 
A. Configure a data page to store the make, model, and year vehicle data. 
B. Configure a connection to an external system of record that contains the make, model, and year 
vehicle data. 
C. Configure a static list of the make, model, and year vehicle data. 
D. Configure a local data storage of the make, model, and year vehicle data. 
Answer: B 
26.Which two collaboration tools allow teams to communicate faster and share information more 
efficiently while resolving cases? (Choose two.) 
A. Dashboards 
B. Widgets 
C. Tags 
D. Pulse 
Answer: C D 
27.A door manufacturer offers a finite list of colors on all its doors. As part of the order, customers can 
select the color of the door. Select the data page definition configuration settings to source a color drop
down list to minimize memory usage. 
Object Type » ACME-Products-Data-Color or ACME-Products-Work-Color or ACME-Products-Work
ColorFeedback 
Edit Mode » Readonly Or Editable Or Savable Scope » Thread Or Requestor Or Node 
A. Page, ACME-Products-Data-Color,ReadOnly,Node 
B. List, ACME-Products-Data-Color,ReadOnly,Thread 
C. Page, ACME-Products-Data-Color,ReadOnly,Requestor 
D. List, ACME-Products-Work-Color,ReadOnly,Node 
E. List, ACME-Products-Work-ColorFeedback,ReadOnly,Node 
F. List, ACME-Products-Data-Color,ReadOnly,Node 
Answer: F 
28.A travel authorization requires approvals from the requestor's manager, division VP, and possibly an 
accountant based on the total amount. 
Which configuration satisfies this use case? 
A. Cascading approval using when rules to identify the assigned user 
B. Cascading approval using the reporting manager 
C. Cascading approval using an authority matrix 
D. Cascading approval using the workgroup manager 
Answer: C 
29.An application must validate postal codes for Canadian customers to match the pattern A1A 1A1, 
where A represents a letter, and 1 represents a number. 
Which two distinct configurations ensure that a user provides a valid postal code? (Choose Two) 
 
 
A. Configure a drop-down control to select the postal code based on the specified city and province. 
B. Configure the postal code field as a text property with a required input field. 
C. Configure a validate rule to test that the entered postal code conforms to the required pattern. 
D. Configure an edit validate rule to test that the entered postal code conforms to the required partem. 
Answer: B D 
30.Which two requirements demonstrate the need to configure correspondence? (Choose Two) 
A. Fax a new insurance claim to the auto repair shop. 
B. Text the customer with status changes in an insurance claim. 
C. Assign a new insurance claim to a case worker to process. 
D. Phone a customer for additional information about the case. 
Answer: A B 
31.When a user selects a item in a list, the application displays data about that item. Data is copies to a 
page property using the Copy from a data page options. 
After the data has been copies to the property, when is the data copies to the property again? 
A. Never 
B. The next time the case is opened 
C. The next time the property is accessed 
D. When the item is changed 
Answer: D 
32.Which statement about responsive breakpoints is true? 
A. Responsive breakpoints trigger selected behaviors to optimize data presentation. 
B. Responsive breakpoint behavior changes based on the device brand. 
C. Responsive behavior allows users to see all relevant information with scroll bars. 
D. You configure custom responsive breakpoint display widths in Ag£ Studio. 
Answer: A 
33.A library application used by staff creates a book request case when a member wishes to borrow one 
or more books. As part of the case process, the application shows the staff a read only list of outstanding 
past-due books to remind the member to return late books, select the Data page definition for this use 
case. 
A. List, Readonly, Thread 
B. Page, Editable, Node 
C. Page, Readonly, Requester 
D. List, Readonly, Requestor 
E. Page, Editable, Requester 
F. List, Readonly, Node 
Answer: D 
34.An application allows consultants to enter hours worked on a project on a weekly basis. Consultant 
hours need approval by the manager and the project supervisor. The approvals can occur in any order. 
Which approval configuration meets this requirement? 
 
 
A. Configure a parallel process for each of the required approvals 
B. Add the manager approval to an alternate stage in the case life cycle 
C. Add an optional action for each approval in the appropriate stage 
D. Configure a single cascading approval based on an authority matrix 
Answer: A 
35.A requirement states: The tax identification number must contain 10 digits. 
How do you configure the field to support this requirement? 
A. Set the minimum and maximum values to "10" in a text field 
B. Use an edit validate rule that validates the tax identification number pattern. 
C. Use a decimal property type and make the field required. 
D. Configure a validate rule to test the tax identification number pattern. 
Answer: B 
36.How do you route an assignment so that any available member of the department can perform the 
task? 
A. Route the assignment to a work list. 
B. Route the assignment to the admin user 
C. Route the assignment separately to all members. 
D. Route the assignment to a work queue. 
Answer: D 
37.How do you propagate data to a new child case in Pega Express? 
A. Configure a data page to copy specified properties. 
B. Configure a case calculation to copy specified properties. 
C. Configure the Update Case shape to copy specified properties. 
D. Configure the Create Case shape to copy specified properties. 
Answer: D 
38.In an application that sells office supplies, the Payment view displays order items and collects 
payment information. In the Payment section rule, the order items are grouped in a dynamic layout. You 
find out later that the Order Summary view must also display the order items. 
How do you configure the Ul so that the order items display is shared between the Payment view and 
Order Summary view? 
A. Convert the Payment section layout that contains order items to a section, and embed this section in 
the Order Summary section. 
B. Build the Order Summary section with a layout inside to group the order items, similar to the Payment 
section. 
C. Embed the Payment section in the Order Summary section. 
D. Reuse the Payment section in the Order Summary view and use a disable when condition to disable 
payment information on the Payment section rule. 
Answer: A 
39.You are configuring an external data source using the Integration Designer. You have the REST, Dev, 
 
 
Stage, and Prod endpoint URLs, and a name for the data source. 
What other information do you need to configure the external data source? 
A. The name of the database where the source data is stored 
B. The data views using the external data source 
C. A plan for mapping the data and REST response fields 
D. A backup endpoint URL if the configured URL refuses to connect 
Answer: C 
40.How do you enable field-level auditing for properties? 
A. Add an auditing optional action to the case workflow. 
B. Enable the auditing feature on the property rule forms. 
C. Enable field-level auditing for the case type. 
D. Add a field validation to the case workflow. 
Answer: C 
41.Hospital staff members enter appointment details including relevant patient information, diagnoses, 
lab orders, and prescribed medication. This information is aggregated in the Patient visit summary view. 
The patient receives a copy of this view through email. 
Which two configurations, when applied in combination, achieve this behavior? (Choose Two) 
A. Add a Create PDF automation that references the Patient visit summary view. 
B. Add a Send Email step and enable the option to include attachments. 
C. Add a Send Email step and compose the message to reference the relevant properties. 
D. Enable email notifications on the case type. 
Answer: A B 
42.Users create Insurance Coverage Request Cases to authorize insurance payments. Users enter 
information that includes the name of the patient, the date of the procedure and the type of the 
procedure. After entering the information, the user submits the request for a review of the patient's 
insurance policy. Because multiple users enter requests, the duplicate requests can occur. A request is 
considered a duplicate if the patient name, procedure type, and procedure date match an existing 
request. You have been given two requirements: 
Ensure that users can identify duplicate requests. If a case is duplicated, it is not written to the database. 
Otherwise, write the case to the database. 
Which two options configure the application so that users can identify duplicate requests? (Choose two) 
A. Add a duplicate search step to the case life cycle design. 
B. Configure a duplicate search decision table and add it to a Decision shape 
C. Configure weighted conditions. 
D. Configure a validation rule to validate matching cases. 
Answer: A B 
43.You are testing an airline reservation case type that does not yet have a UI configured. You need to 
verify that changing the Purchase Insurance field in the Clipboard updates the TotalCost field. 
In which category of the Clipboard tools would you expect to find the Purchase Insurance field? 
A. Linked Property Pages 
 
 
B. User Pages 
C. Data Pages 
D. System Pages 
Answer: C 
44.What is the purpose of the Test coverage tool? 
A. To determine how many rules are covered and not covered bv Peqa Platform tests. 
B. To determine which application needs to be assessed for test coverage. 
C. To identity which users have the appropriate permissions to run test suites. 
D. To create user-level test coverage reports, but not application-level coverage reports. 
Answer: A 
45.An on-demand transportation application has a Conversation preference data type. When customers 
use the application to request a ride, they can specify their conversation preference: whether they would 
like to talk to their driver or if they would prefer silence. Company stakeholders are interested in 
analyzing the conversation preference data. 
How is the Conversation preference data type sourced? 
A. Local system of record 
B. No system of record 
C. External system of record 
Answer: B 
46.With Pega's Situational Layer Cake approach, how do you configure a regional variation for Human 
Resources (HR) time off cases? 
A. Create a rule for the variation and add the rule to the common layer of the application. 
B. Create a rule for the variation and replace the existing HR time off rule in the application common 
layer. 
C. Create a rule for the variation and add it to a secondary common application layer. 
D. Create a rule for the variation and add the rule to the layer for the region 
Answer: D 
47.In a claims application customers can file home insurance claims. Each claims contains a list of items 
of loss. Depending on the situation, some claims… investigated for potential fraud in parallel to the 
actual claim process. 
Which two case types do you create to support this scenario? (Choose two.) 
A. Items of loss 
B. Customer 
C. Claim 
D. Fraud Investigation 
Answer: C D 
48.From the employee training portal, an employee opens a new Enrollment case, submits course 
selections, and receives an email confirmation. There is an error in the email confirmation. You must 
identify the cause of the error by recording a set of interactions on the portal and testing expected 
 
 
behavior on the data collection fields. 
What three steps, when applied in combination, achieve the required testing? (Choose Three) 
A. Add stage-entry validations on the Enrollment case fields. 
B. Create a test case for the employee portal. 
C. Add assertions on the Ul elements to verify correct data collection.(Ul Assertion) 
D. Run a new Enrollment case from the employee training portal. 
E. Add field validations on the course selection step. 
Answer: B C D 
49.In a banking application, which two options must be used together to present users with a set of 
balance transfer options only if they select to transfer a balance to their credit card? (Choose two) 
A. Add an action set on the layout containing the balance transfer offers to trigger a refresh 
B. Add a visible when condition on the check box for the balance transfer election 
C. Add an action set on the check box for the balance transfer election to trigger a refresh 
D. Add a visible when condition on the layout containing the balance transfer offers 
Answer: C D 
50.What is the relationship between pyWorkPage and case data? 
A. pyWorkPage contains only the data entered by users while creating and processing a case. 
B. pyWorkPage contains all the data pages accessed while creating and processing a case. 
C. pyWorkPage contains only the data generated by the system while creating and processing a case. 
D. pyWorkPage contains all the case data generated while creating and processing a case. 
Answer: D 
51.Which of these options are typically configured on a dynamic layout? (Choose Two) 
A. Align columns and rows to present data in a spreadsheet 
B. Label Positioning 
C. Number of columns in each row 
D. Alignment of field values 
Answer: B C 
52.You are implementing a data entry screen to include an asset ID field to track company equipment. All 
asset IDs are eight characters in length. The first three characters are letters followed by a five-digit 
number. 
Which validation approach restricts entries for the asset ID field to the required format? 
A. Validate rule 
B. Min/Max characters 
C. Text data type 
D. Edit Validate rule 
Answer: D 
53.Which statement most accurately describes the use of pega mobile preview? 
A. pega mobile preview simulates the application user interface for various mobile devices 
B. pega mobile preview allows you to run a pega application on a mobile device 
 
 
C. pega mobile preview simulates user loads to test mobile app performance 
D. pega mobile preview models a typical user interaction to scenario test a mobile app 
Answer: A 
54.A restaurant has a case type that allows customers to book the dining room for events. Customers 
provide basic information including party size and indicate whether they want the restaurant to cater the 
event. 
If catering is not required, customers are given a rental rate quote. 
If customers indicate that they want the restaurant to cater the event, they must provide menu 
preference and schedule and appointment to do menu testing before they are given a quote. 
Which two options do you use to configure the case type to achieve the requested behavior? (Choose 
Two.) 
A. Create a check box for customers to indicate whether they want the restaurant to cater the event. Add 
a decision shape that evaluates whether the customer checks the box. 
B. Create a check box for customers to indicate whether they want the restaurant to cater the event. 
Configure the menu preferences and appointment date fields with a visibility condition. 
C. Create a process for providing menu preference and scheduling the menu tasting appointment. 
Create a parallel process for providing the customer with the rental rate quote. 
D. Create a process for customers to indicate menu preference and schedule the menu tasting 
appointment. Add the process as a case-wide optional action. 
Answer: A B 
55.A company requires that patients receive status updates during processing of medical tests. 
Patients are not users of the application. 
You create the work party for the patient as an instance of which class? 
A. Data-Party-Person 
B. Data-Party-Operator 
C. Data-Party-Org 
D. Data-Party-Com 
Answer: A 
56.A developer discovers that a calculated property value is returning an unexpected result. 
Which two features of the Tracer tool can you use to diagnose the problem while minimizing the impact 
on application performance? (Choose two.) 
A. The Save function 
B. Breakpoints 
C. The Watch function 
D. The Clipboard tool 
Answer: B C 
57.You create an application to track package deliveries. Choose three elements that are essential for 
this application. (Choose Three) 
A. A delivery cancellation child case 
B. A shipment tracking case type 
 
 
C. A set of fields to capture the shipping details 
D. A work party to represent the customer 
E. A user view to enter the shipping details 
Answer: B C E 
58.To qualify for an instant loan, an applicant must earn a monthly income of at least GBP2000 and 
cannot exceed GBP20000 in total liability. 
How do you enforce these restrictions when requesting an instant loan? 
A. Use a Validate rule to call two Edit validate rules: one for income and one for liability. 
B. Use two Edit Validate rules: one for income and one for liability. 
C. Use a single Validate rule with two conditions: one for income and one for liability. 
D. Use Ul controls to validate the entries in the income and liability fields. 
Answer: C 
59.You are designing a medical claim case type and have the following requirement: Medical claims 
must be resolved within 5 days. To meet this requirement you need to set the____in the service level to 5 
days. 
A. passed deadline 
B. urgency 
C. deadline 
D. goal 
Answer: C 
60.The page .Product contains data retrieved from an external system of record using a data. 
How do you ensure.Product always contains the most current data from the data page? 
A. Select Refer to a data page on .Product. 
B. Define a reference property that refers to the data page. 
C. Configure .Product to refer to a keyed data page. 
D. Select Copy data from a data page on .Product. 
Answer: A 
61.Consider the following scenario: 
A customer files a fraud complaint. 
The complaint is investigated by a customer service agent. 
* The customer service agent may request additional information from the customer. 
* The merchant is notified and given 15 days to dispute the fraud claim. 
* If the fraud claim is approved, an affidavit is sent to the customer and a refund is posted totheiraccount. 
How do you name the step where the agent investigates the claim for fraud? 
A. Investigate Claim 
B. Claim Investigation 
C. Fraud Claim 
D. Investigate Fraud 
Answer: D 
 
 
62.You are implementing a Ul form collecting job applicant information. Users must provide values to 
certain fields before submitting the form. 
Which configuration adds asterisks to indicate the mandatory fields on the form? 
A. Use a Validate rule to verify the mandatory fields have a value 
B. Configure the mandatory fields as Required in the section rule 
C. Use multiple Validate rules for each mandatory field 
D. Use an Edit Validate rule to verify if each of the mandatory properties has a value 
Answer: B 
63.Before development, your team creates a spreadsheet with work items to populate the backlog. All 
work items that describe business requirements are prioritized as Must have. 
You also create work items to address: 
A future enhancement request to group a set of existing steps into a multistep form 
A drop-down list that is missing one of the required options — This work item is in progress because the 
missing option prevents work from being done 
How do you populate the backlog directly from the spreadsheet? 
A. Import stories 
B. Create bugs 
C. Create stories 
D. Create feedback 
Answer: A 
64.A manager requests a report that contains the following columns: Create Date, Case ID, Create 
Operator, and World Status. You must sort the cases so the case with the most recent create date 
appears at the top of the list and descends in order. 
How do you design the report definition to support this requirement? 
A. Select Lowest to Highest sort type for Create Date. 
B. Add a filter condition where Create Date is greater than the current date. 
C. Select Highest to Lowest sort type for Create Date. 
D. Make the Create Date the first column in the report. 
Answer: C 
65.A report contains columns for Customer, Billing Cycle, Credit Card, and Expiration Date. A manager 
requests that the report show only those customers who meet the following conditions: - The customer is 
on a monthly billing cycle - The credit card is either MoreCash or Vista - The credit card expires within 60 
days. 
Which set of filtering conditions returns a report with the desired data? 
A. Credit Card equals MoreCash AND Credit Card equals Vista AND Billing Cycle equals monthly AND 
Expiration Date is 60 days greater than today 
B. Credit Card equals MoreCash OR Credit Card equals Vista AND Billing Cycle equals monthly AND 
Expiration Date equals next 60 days. 
C. Credit Card equals MoreCash OR Credit Card equals Vista AND Billing Cycle is not quarterly AND 
Expiration Date is less than 60 days 
D. Credit Card equals MoreCash or Vista, Billing Cycle equals monthly, and Expiration Date equals next 
 
 
60 days 
Answer: B D 
66.A requirement states: A customer can update an address at any point during case processing by 
performing the following steps. 
1. The customer submits the new address. 
2. The application verifies that the address matches postal service requirements. 
3. The customer then approves the corrected address. 
How do you configure this requirement? 
A. Add a case-wide optional action to the workflow for the address submission. 
B. Add a case-wide optional process to the case workflow to perform the address change. 
C. Add an alternate stage to the case life cycle to change the address. 
D. Add a button to each assignment to present the customer with a form to submit a new address. 
Answer: B 
67.You create an application for employees to submit timesheets. Employees enter work, vacation, and 
sick time for a particular week. On the entry form, employees see a summary of the total hours entered. 
After the employee submits the timesheet, the application displays remaining vacation and sick time for 
the employee. You configure the user view that displays remaining vacation and sick time. The balance 
calculates by subtracting the vacation time and sick time for the week from the current vacation and sick 
time balances. 
Which configuration option is used to summarize the remaining vacation and sick time? 
A. Use a When rule. When the application references the remaining vacation and sick time, each value 
calculates. 
B. Use declarative processing. Whenever the vacation time or sick time entries change, the remaining 
vacation and sick time calculate. 
C. Use pyDefault and pySetFieldDefaults. When the process invokes the data transforms, the remaining 
vacation and sick time calculate. 
D. Use procedural processing with a data transform. Remaining vacation and sick time calculate after 
the user submits a timesheet. 
Answer: B 
68.University admission application cases automatically advance in the case life cycle if the application 
standardized test scores are above a certain threshold. 
The threshold is determined each year based on the provided national average score. 
Which two configurations, when applied together, support this requirement? (Choose Two.) 
A. Configure a process with a decision shape that continues if the TestThreshold configuration setting is 
less than the applicant’s test score. 
B. Configure a test Threshold Configuration setting that calculates the national average for the test score 
threshold. 
C. Configure a process with a decision shape that continues if the TestThreshold Configuration setting is 
than the application’s test score. 
D. Configure a TestThreshold Configuration setting with the national average for the test score threshold. 
Answer: A D 
 
 
69.A hotel booking application allows customers to change rooms after making a reservation. Each 
room's status in each hotel is stored on a data page sourced from an external database table. 
Which two configuration options, when applied in combination, do you use to update the database table 
when a customer changes rooms? (Choose Two) 
A. A savable data page that contains the room information 
B. A when rule to trigger the database update 
C. A data transform to copy updates to the data page 
D. An editable data page that contains the room information 
Answer: A C 
70.An accident claim case creates a vehicle claim case for each vehicle involved in an accident. 
Which two configurations prevent the accident claim case from resolving before all vehicle claims are 
resolved? (Choose Two) 
A. Add each vehicle claim as a child case of the accident claim. 
B. Add a manual approval step to the accident claim case. 
C. Add an optional process to pause the accident case until the vehicle claims are paid. 
D. Add a wait step to the accident claim case to wait until ail vehicle claims have a status of Resolved. 
Answer: A D 
71.In a Credit Card Payment case type, you want to set the payment amount to the minimum amount 
due when a user creates a case. 
How do you set the payment amount? 
A. Configure the pySetFieldDefaults data transform to set the default value. 
B. Configure a field validation on the payment amount. 
C. Configure the payment amount field to reference the minimum amount due. 
D. Configure the payment amount as a calculated field. 
Answer: A 
72.Which tool do you use to identify missing alternate text for an image? 
A. Clipboard tool 
B. Accessibility Inspector 
C. Tracer 
D. Live Ul 
Answer: B 
73.Which two configuration steps must be performed together to record a unit test for automated testing? 
(Choose Two) 
A. Add a test case to the Automated Testing landing page. 
B. Select a ruleset that is configured to store the results of the test. 
C. Select a ruleset that is configured to store automated test cases. 
D. Add an assertion to define an expected result. 
Answer: A D 
 
 
74.DRAG DROP 
An organization requests the following behavior for a case type that allows customers to place orders for 
fulfillment. 
The application identifies customer information, such as user ID and locale, upon login. 
Cases list the last 10 orders placed by the customer, including the order status. 
Customers can select one of the previous 10 orders as the basis for the current order. 
Select each piece of Information on the left and drag it to the appropriate Clipboard Location. 
Answer: 
75.A home loan application requires approvals from the Legal team manager and the Finance team 
manager. The Legal team manager must approve before the Finance team manager. 
How do you configure this requirement? 
A. Create an approval process for each manager in parallel. 
B. Apply business logic to route a single assignment in the correct order. 
C. Create an approval step with cascading approval. 
D. Route an assignment to a work queue where both roles have access. 
Answer: C 
76.A purchase request list report includes columns for case ID and regional cost center. A manager 
wants to report to show the total of purchase requests for each of the regional cost centers. 
How do you configure the report definition? 
A. Create a filter for each cost center and count the case IDs. 
 
 
B. Summarize the case ID column by count. 
C. Summarize the regional cost centers by account. 
D. Define a function for the cost center column to total the case IDs. 
Answer: B 
77.Which business need do you address through delegation? 
A. A service representative must attach the appropriate form when emailing a customer 
B. A risk officer wants to adjust the income threshold for automobile loans. 
C. A care supervisor wants to authorize a second opinion for an insurance claim. 
D. A general manager must approve catering proposals that exceed EUR5000 
Answer: C 
78.Which two statements about data records are true? (Choose Two) 
A. Data records define permissible values for data fields. 
B. Data records are displayed in a searchable text field by default. 
C. Data records require external storage. 
D. Data records are displayed in a drop-down list by default. 
Answer: A D 
79.In a hotel reservation application, a form displays a list of hotels with available rooms based on the 
check-in and check-out dates entered by users. 
How do you configure the form to refresh the hotel list whenever the check-in or check-out date 
changes? 
A. Display the hotel in an embedded section with a visible when condition. 
B. Configure edit validates on the date fields to refresh the section when the date values change. 
C. Configure action sets on the date fields to refresh the section when the date values change. 
D. Configure an action set on the hotel list display to refresh the section when the hotel list changes. 
Answer: C 
80.Employees submit time-off requests that must be approved by their manager. If the requested time off 
is extended beyond three weeks, the manager, director, and a member of human resources (HR) must 
approve the request. 
Which two configurations, when applied in combination, achieve this behavior? (Choose Two) 
A. Create a decision table and evaluate all rows. 
B. Use a cascading approval with an authority matrix. 
C. Use a cascading approval with a reporting structure. 
D. Configure custom approvals in the reporting structure. 
Answer: B C 
81.Which requirement demonstrates the need configure correspondence? 
A. Phone a customer for additional information about the case 
B. Case worker receives a mobile push notification to approve an insurance claim 
C. Assign a new insurance claim to a case worker to process 
D. Email the case worker when the insurance claim is routed to their worklist 
 
 
Answer: D 
82.Which source do you select for a data page that contains the details of single record for a data type? 
A. Report definition 
B. Data transform 
C. Connector 
D. Lookup 
Answer: D 
83.Timesheets require the following approvals: 
Regular 40 hours -> Supervisor of employee 
Any overtime -> Manager of Supervisor 
Worked on weekend -> VP Finance 
Negative time-off balance -> HR Director 
Which two conditions require an authority matrix? (Choose two.) 
A. Worked on weekend -> VP Finance 
B. Negative time-off balance -> HR Director 
C. Any overtime -> Manager of Supervisor 
D. Regular 40 hours -> Supervisor of Employee 
Answer: A C 
84.You are asked to build a report listing customer order cases with an Order Total value over 
USD10000 sorted by Creation date (pxCreateDate). The report should display the following three fields: 
Case ID (pylD), Customer ID, and Order Total. 
Which property or property combination should you optimize to improve performance? 
A. Order Total 
B. pxCreateDate 
C. Customer ID and Order Total 
D. pxCreateDate and Order Total 
Answer: D 
85.Which two data requirements ensure valid data? (Choose Two) 
A. The data fits the business logic. 
B. The data is organized in a data type. 
C. The data is locally sourced. 
D. The data is the correct type. 
Answer: B D 
86.Which two statements about Configuration sets are true? (Choose two.) 
A. Used if a Dynamic System Setting does not meet the requirements 
B. Used to organize Configuration settings with a common element 
C. Configured by modifying the Data-Configuration-Settings class 
D. Enables the business to control application behavior 
Answer: B D 
 
 
87.A flow action calls a pre-processing data transform to initiate values. There are several flow actions 
available for the assignment. You want to make sure that the values are only initiated once for each flow 
action. 
How do you implement a solution? 
A. Do nothing. The pre-processing data transform is only called once for each assignment. 
B. Make sure that the flow action does not have the highest likelihood since it will always be invoked. 
C. Configure the data transform as post-processing instead of pre-processing. 
D. Add logic to the pre-processing data transform to test if values were already initiated. 
Answer: D 
88.DRAG DROP 
Drag the appropriate ruleset version type on the left to the corresponding scenario on the right. 
Answer: 
89.A data page holds product information and has the Reload if Older Than field set to 30 minutes. The 
data page is created at 7:43. The user then performs the following actions: 8:10 the user refreshes the 
product information 8:45 the user refreshes the product information. 
At what time is the data page reloaded? 
A. 8:13 
B. 8:10 
C. 8:40 
D. 8:45 
Answer: D 
90.A user view includes a list of four urgency options selectable by radio buttons. 
 
 
How do you configure the selection list? 
A. Configure a field group with selectable urgency options. 
B. Configure a drop down field with selectable urgency options. 
C. Configure a picklist with radio buttons for the urgency options. 
D. Configure a Boolean field with selectable urgency options. 
Answer: C 
91.Which studio do you use to configure a service level agreement (SLA) with a passed deadline? 
A. Admin Studio 
B. Prediction Studio 
C. Dev Studio 
D. App Studio 
Answer: C 
92.Consider the following scenario: - During the Interview process for a Job Application case, an 
administrative assistant selects the date and location of the interview. - Next, an email confirmation is 
sent to the candidate. - During the interview, the hiring manager captures notes from the discussion. - 
Finally, the candidate is assigned a technical exercise and the results are added to the case. 
Select two step names that follow the guidelines for identifying and naming the steps in the process. 
(Choose Two) 
A. Notify Candidate 
B. Ask Questions 
C. Schedule Interview 
D. Technical Exercise 
Answer: A C 
93.To qualify for an instant loan, an applicant must be older than 21 and have a monthly income of 
atleast USD2000. 
How do you enforce these restrictions? 
A. Use two Edit Validate rules: one for age and one for income. 
B. Use a single Validate rule with two conditions: one for age and one for income. 
C. Configure the Ul controls to only accept values geater than 21 for age and USD2000 for income. 
D. Use two Validate rules: one for age and one for income. 
Answer: B 
94.In which two of the following situations would you simulate an integration? (Choose Two) 
A. The service has slow response times. 
B. The service is not available yet. 
C. You need to test each flow path in the case processing. 
D. The connector is configured to use global resource settings. 
Answer: B C 
95.An airline has the following requirement: 
A passenger requiring a service animal must document the type of animal, the size of the animal, and 
 
 
any relevant medical information the crew may need during the flight. The application prompts the 
passenger for this information when the passenger declares travel with a service animal. 
Which case life cycle configuration meets this requirement? 
A. Add a process to the case life cycle for service animal accommodation and apply a condition to 
determine when to, run the process. 
B. Apply an optional action to the appropriate stage to allow the passenger to provide the information as 
needed. 
C. Configure a stage in the case life cycle for service animal accommodation and apply a stage 
validation condition. 
D. Create a child case for service animal accommodation to automatically resolve unless the passenger 
requires the accommodation. 
Answer: A 
96.A developer discovers that a calculated property value is returning an unexpected result. 
Which two features of the Trace tool allow you to diagnose the problem without affecting application 
performed? (Choose Two.) 
A. Breakpoints 
B. The Event monitor 
C. The Watch function 
D. The Clipboard tool 
Answer: B C 
97.Which requirement is satisfied by configuring a service level agreement? 
A. Requests from customers with elite status go to a dedicated work group, 
B. A transaction review is completed within 24 hours. 
C. Users are notified when they receive an assignment. 
D. Transaction dispute cases are considered more urgent than address change cases. 
Answer: B 
98.Consider the following requirement: 
The patient must be able to modify physician details at any time without impacting primary case 
processing. 
Which configuration satisfies this requirement? 
A. Add a case-wide optional action to the case life cycle. 
B. Add a primary stage with at least one process to the case life cycle. 
C. Add an alternate stage with at least one process to the case life cycle. 
D. Add an assignment to the case life cycle. 
Answer: C 
99.You have been asked to create a report definition that includes information about the sales offices 
and sales representatives. The manager wants to access the report in the Report Browser in the user 
portal. The manager also wants to include the report in a new report category specifically for the sales 
group. 
What two configurations are required to support this request? (Choose Two) 
 
 
A. Select the option in the Report Browser that allows users to view your report. 
B. Create a report category rule for sales office reports. 
C. Select the report definition option that displays your report in the Report Browser. 
D. Add a report category for sales group reports in the Report Browser. 
Answer: C D 
100.Before development, your team creates a spreadsheet with work items to populate the backlog. All 
work items that describe business requirements are prioritized as Must have. You also create work items 
to address: 
A future enhancement request to group a set of existing steps into a multistep form 
A drop-down list that is missing one of the required options — This work item is in progress because the 
missing option prevents work from being done 
How do you populate the backlog directly from the spreadsheet? 
A. Create bugs 
B. Create feedback 
C. Import stories 
D. Create stories 
Answer: C 
101.You should consider using a field value when the list of allowed values is ______________. 
A. three or fewer items 
B. mostly static 
C. specific to one case type 
D. shared across all case types 
Answer: D 
102.For which use case do you create a new rule in a Pega Platform application? 
A. A designer reuses a UI section every time the same behavior is needed in the application. 
B. A developer makes changes to an email message that is configured in the case life cycle. 
C. A designer uses Design mode at runtime to modify a view to use a two column template. 
D. A developer creates a parallel process to audit the changes that a service agent makes. 
Answer: A 
103.A customer calls to apply for a new bank account. The customer service representative (CSR) needs 
to perform an assignment named Select Account Type. During the discussion, the customer can request 
written information regarding different account types. 
Select the case lifecycle design that satisfies this requirement. 
A. A user view for requesting information to the Select Account Type assignment. 
B. Add an optional action to the stage that contains the Select Account Type assignment. 
C. Add a case-wide optional action. 
D. Add a router to the Select Account Type assignment. 
Answer: B 
104.A development team plans to enhance functionality of an existing application by changing several 
 
 
user interface rules. The team would like to pilot the enhancements to a small group of users before 
rolling the changes out to the entire user base. 
What approach maximizes reuse and maintainability? 
A. Place the updated rules into a new minor version of the ruleset and include the new ruleset version in 
a new application. 
B. Place the updated rules into a new ruleset and include the new ruleset in a new application. 
C. Place the updated rules into a new ruleset and include the new ruleset in a new version of the 
application. 
D. Place the updated rules into a new minor version of the ruleset and include the new ruleset version in 
a new version of the application. 
Answer: D 
105.You want operators in two separate units to be able to perform work routed to either un it. 
Which configuration supports this requirement? 
A. On each operator's record, associate the operator with both units. 
B. On each operator's record, associate the operator with the same workgroup. 
C. On the work group record, associate the operators with the workgroup. 
D. On each unit record, associate both operators with each unit. 
Answer: B 
106.Consider the following scenario: During the Interview process for a Job Application case, an 
administrative assistant selects the date and location of the interview. - Next, an email confirmation is 
sent to the candidate. - During the interview, the hiring manager captures notes from the discussion. - 
Finally, the candidate is assigned a technical exercise and the results are added to the case. 
Select two step names that follow the guidelines for identifying and naming the steps in the process. 
(Choose Two) 
A. Notify Candidate 
B. Ask Questions 
C. Schedule Interview 
Answer: A C 
107.You create an application for employees to submit timesheets. Employees enter work, vacation, and 
sick time for a particular week. On the entry form, employees see a summary of the total hours entered. 
After the employee submits the timesheet, the application displays remaining vacation and sick time for 
the employee. To configure the form where users enter hours, select the best configuration option to 
calculate the total hours for the week. 
A. Use a When rule. When the value of any work, vacation, or sick time changes, the total hours change. 
B. Use declarative processing. When the value of any work, vacation, or sick time changes, the total 
hours change. 
C. Use procedural processing. When the value of any work, vacation, or sick time changes and the user 
submits the form, the total hours change. 
D. Use a data transform. When the user enters the form, the data transform determines the sum of the 
work, vacation, and sick time properties. 
Answer: B 
 
 
108.ABC BankCorp wants to create a mobile app experience for users and CSRs for its Transaction 
Dispute application. 
Of the following requirements, which option requires you to configure distinct mobile app channels? 
(Choose two) 
A. CSRs can create other case type instances on the mobile app. 
B. Mobile app color palettes are different for users and CSRs. 
C. The mobile app customizes currency units and date/time format according to the location of the users. 
D. The mobile app supports all mobile phone operating systems. 
Answer: A B 
109.Color options are available to the customer, but the options are available on the screen, and do not 
appear with the popup. 
Which option to configure the color option? 
A. Dropdown 
B. Radio button 
C. Check box 
D. Autocomplete/Textfield 
Answer: B 
110.On a service level, the passed deadline interval is measured from 
A. the end of the deadline interval 
B. when the assignment is ready for a user 
C. when a user begins the assignment 
D. the end of the goal interval 
Answer: A 
111.You are developing a Visa case type to process entry visa applications. As part of the process, 
applicants schedule an interview with the consulate. An Interview child case is created for the interview 
process. 
Following the interview, the consulate reaches a decisions within 48 hours or more. For Visa case to 
proceed to application notification, the Interview case needs to be resolved. 
After you create the Interview child case, how to do you configure the case type to achieve the required 
behavior? 
A. Following the Create Case step, add a Wait step that pauses the parent case until the application 
schedules the interview. 
B. Following the Create Case step, add a Wait step that pauses the parent case until the Interview 
reaches the Resolved status. 
C. Following the Create Case step, add a services-level agreement (SLA) that escalates the parent case 
after 48 hours. 
D. Following the Create Case step, add an Interview step that is automatically resolved after 48 hours. 
Answer: B 
112.You want to unit test a rule. To ensure that the rule executes as intended, you need to populate the 
 
 
clipboard with valid data. 
Which two options allow you to populate the clipboard before testing the rule? (Choose Two) 
A. Configure an assertion to define the required data. 
B. Configure a validate rule to populate the needed data. 
C. Run a data transform to create the test page. 
D. Copy data from an existing clipboard page. 
Answer: C D 
113.DRAG DROP 
Drag the term that is used in App Studio from the left to the rule that you use in Dev Studio on the right. 
Answer: 
114.To reduce scrolling on a view, you want to organize existing content so that details display when an 
option is selected in a drop-down menu. There is no drop-down menu currently on the view. 
Which two configurations achieve the business requirement? (Choose Two) 
A. Configure a layout group to separate each option into individual panels and set the layout to a menu 
format. 
B. Configure a disable condition (when rule) on each field to allow access when the associated option is 
selected on the drop-down control. 
C. Configure a repeating dynamic layout with an embedded section for each option and set the layout 
 
 
format to grouped. 
D. Configure a data relationship to select the option using the Drop-down list record selection. 
Answer: A C 
115.Creating a new rule in Pega Platform is typically done to define a new behavior or functionality in the 
application, which can then be reused as needed. In the given scenario, a designer is reusing a UI 
section every time the same behavior is needed in the application. By creating a new rule for the UI 
section, the designer can ensure consistent behavior and avoid duplicating effort. 
For which use case do you create a new rule in a Pega Platform™ application? 
A. A developer creates a parallel process to audit changes that a service agent makes. 
B. A developer makes changes to an email message configured in the case life cycle. 
C. A designer reuses a UI section every time the same behavior is needed in the application. 
D. A business user issues a change request for the application to set the default value of a field. 
Answer: C 
116.How do you reference the State property on an Address page group with the index Home? 
A. .Address(Home).State 
B. .Home.State.Address 
C. .Home(Address).State 
D. .Address.Home.State 
Answer: A 
117.To qualify for an instant loan, an applicant must earn a monthly income of at least GBP2000 and 
cannot exceed GBP20000 in credit card debt. 
How do you enforce these restrictions when requesting an instant loan? 
A. Use UI controls to validate the entries in the income and credit card debt fields. 
B. Use a Validate rule to call two Edit validate rules: one for income and one for credit card debt. 
C. Use a single Validate rule with two conditions; one for income and one for credit card debt. 
D. Use two Edit Validate rules; one for income and one for credit card debt. 
Answer: C 
118.Sales managers must be able to approve sales quote proposals by email and from a mobile device. 
How do you implement this requirement? 
A. Add an Approve/Reject step and enable email and mobile approval. 
B. Add an Approve/Reject step and a Send Email step. 
C. Add an Approve/Reject step with mobile approval enabled and a Send Email step. 
D. Add an Approve/Reject step and enable email notifications on the case type. 
Answer: A 
119.When processing an auto accident claim, the system requires three approvals: Approval from the 
adjuster who inspected the car, approval from the medical administrator who provided medical care to 
the insured, and approval from the insurance agent who verified the claim. 
How do you implement the requirements so each approver can work independently? 
A. Create three parallel processes with approval assignments. 
 
 
B. Route to a workbasket where all three roles have access. 
C. Create business logic to route to the different approvers. 
D. Create an approval step with cascading approval. 
Answer: A 
120.A company often receives multiple IT tickets for the same issue, such as ''the office Wi-Fi is down. 
You configure Search duplicate cases step to identify duplicate IT tickets. 
What is the basic condition for the Search duplicate cases step? 
A. Name of submitter is same 
B. Issue type is same 
C. Department is same 
D. Office location is same 
Answer: B 
121.Direct Capture of Objectives (DCO) aims to increase which two aspects of application delivery? 
(Choose Two) 
A. Accuracy 
B. Coding 
C. Speed 
D. Performance 
Answer: A C 
122.Depending upon the purchase request amount, approvals cascade from the users to a loan officer, 
then to a director and finally to a vice president. The loan officer is the user's manager. The director is the 
loan officer's manager. The vice president is the director's manager. 
Which two approaches can you use to configure the cascading approval? (Choose two) 
A. Approval based on Authority Matrix, with a Decision Tree rule to determine the approver(s) 
B. Approval based on Authority Matrix, with a Decision Table rule to determine the approver(s) 
C. Approval based on Reporting structure, using the workbasket manager to determine the approver(s) 
D. Approval based on Reporting structure and when conditions, using each operator's reporting to 
manager to determine the approver(s) 
Answer: A B 
123.In which three situations can you use a data transform? (Choose Three) 
A. To copy the first and last name properties into a single property value 
B. To execute a flow action 
C. To create the dependent property after case creation 
D. To set default values for a case 
E. To display the destination value as the location value 
Answer: A D E 
124.An internal application currently grants 75 employees access to one of four roles: Admin, Author, 
User, and Manager. A new analyst that joins the company requires all the Author role access but only 
some of the reporting capabilities available to the Manager role. 
 
 
How do you satisfy this security requirement? 
A. Update the Author role to include the required analyst reports. 
B. Create a new Analyst role with the required access. 
C. Add the analyst to the Manager role. 
D. Add the analyst to both the Author role and the Case Manager channel interface. 
Answer: B 
125.You need to test whether a user interface is suitable for users with visual disabilities, such as 
Deuteranopia (red-green confusion). 
How do you perform this task? 
A. Use the Accessibility Inspector. 
B. Use a screen reader extension. 
C. Enable the Live UI tool. 
D. Unit test section rules. 
Answer: A 
126.A requirement states When a customer applies for a credit card, a credit check must be completed 
in order for the credit card to be approved. 
Select the case type relationship that satisfies the requirement. 
A. Make both loan request and credit check top cases. 
B. Make credit check a spin-off case of credit card request. 
C. Make credit check a child case of credit card request. 
D. Make credit card request a child case of credit check. 
Answer: C 
127.In processing a parent case P-l, two child cases C-l and C-2 are created. 
Which of the following statements is correct about the processing of P-l, C-l, and C-2? 
A. P-l must be resolved before either C-l or C-2 can be resolved. 
B. Either C-l or C-2 must be resolved before P-l can be resolved. 
C. C-l must be resolved before C-2 can be resolved. 
D. Both C-l and C-2 must be resolved before P-l can be resolved. 
Answer: D 
128.Which two control types allow you to display three balance transfer offers on a form with a single 
control, to prevent the customer from selecting more than one offer? (Choose Two) 
A. Button 
B. Radio buttons 
C. Checkbox 
D. Drop-down list 
Answer: B D 
129.Which requirement can be implemented through circumstancing? 
A. An application establishes a goal of four hours to adjust claims for platinum customers. For other 
customers, the application establishes a goal of one business day. 
 
 
B. An application sets the default shipping option for orders that exceed USD100 to two-day delivery. 
Otherwise, the default option is five-day delivery. 
C. An application audits insurance claims that an insurance adjuster values at USD10000 or greater. 
Otherwise, the claim is approved. 
D. An application routes upgrade requests for US customers to one work queue, and requests for 
European customers to a different work queue. 
Answer: A D 
130.How do you indicate the progress of a case toward resolution? 
A. Apply service levels to the assignment steps. 
B. Design intent-driven user interfaces. 
C. Update the case status on the appropriate steps. 
D. Configure a case notes field to capture progress information. 
Answer: C 
131.You are configuring routing for a customer warranty service request. All warranty service requests 
are routed to the warranty resolution group except for warranty service requests for beta and release 
product that requires review by the vice president of service. 
How do you configure assignment routing to review warranty service requests? 
A. Route the assignment to the vice president of service who routes assignments to the warranty 
resolution group as needed. 
B. Route the assignment to the warranty resolution group who sends an email notification to the vice 
president of service for the beta-release product. 
C. Route the assignment to the skilled group for the beta release when the request is for the beta 
release. Otherwise, route the assignment to the warranty resolution group. 
D. Route the assignment to the vice president of service when the request is for the beta release. 
Otherwise, route the assignment to the warranty resolution group. 
Answer: D 
132.Select the three benefits of using Direct Capture of Objectives (DCO). (Choose Three) 
A. Generate the latest code from business-friendly metaphors. 
B. Empower project participants to review development progress. 
C. Facilitate collaboration between business and IT around working models. 
D. Automate custom business processes. 
E. Enter and store business requirements in the application. 
Answer: A C E 
133.Which two use cases are supported by configuring a mobile channel in App Studio? (Choose Two) 
A. Grant access to the application for a specific user. 
B. Set the width of an application icon to 180x180 pixels. 
C. Configure a left swipe behavior to open a message. 
D. Lock the application after 20 minutes of inactivity. 
Answer: C D 
 
 
134.When applying for a credit limit increase, customers with standard credit cards must provide 
information in an Employment Information process. Requests from customers with Platinum credit cards 
automatically skip this process. 
What task do you perform to implement this requirement? 
A. In the Employment Information process add a card type true/false field to a user view. 
B. In the Employment Information process add a custom condition to start the process by testing the 
card type. 
C. In the Employment Information process add an Approve/Reject step to test the card type. 
D. In the Employment Information process validate card type for continued processing. 
Answer: D 
135.You need to localize correspondence into a language that is unavailable in the Pega language pack. 
Which option satisfies the requirement? 
A. Leverage translation services SOAP calls and enable records for translation. 
B. Configure a field value record that contains the correspondence text. 
C. Create the Translation rule manually and include the rule in the application ruleset. 
D. Run the Localization wizard and add translations to Translation.html. 
Answer: D 
136.In designing your application, you want to apply consistent visual styles to all parts of the 
application. 
How do you meet this requirement? 
A. Specify a skin in the application rule. 
B. Apply styles to the screen layout. 
C. Use the Live Ul tool to select the skin rule. 
D. Specify a skin in the harness rule. 
Answer: A 
137.You are a low-code developer that is interested in receiving personalized suggestions throughout 
application development. 
How do you achieve this in Pega Platform? 
A. Contact the Pega Support Center. 
B. Install a browser plugin. 
C. Use the Developer assistant pane. 
D. Enable Pega GenAI features. 
Answer: C 
138.You are developing a Visa case type to process visa applications. As part of the process, applicants 
need to schedule an interview with the consulate. A child Interview case is created for the interview 
process and assessment. 
Following the interview, it typically takes 48 hours for the consulate to reach a decision. For the visa case 
to proceed to applicant notification, the Interview case needs to be resolved. 
How do you configure a case type to achieve the required behavior? 
A. Add a Create Case step that creates the Interview child case. Following this step, add a Wait step that 
 
 
pauses the parent case until the Interview case reaches a status of Resolved and after 48 hours have 
elapsed. 
B. Add a Create Case step that creates the Interview child case. Following this step, add a Wait step that 
pauses the parent case until 48 hours have elapsed. 
C. Add a Create Case step that creates the Interview child case. Following this step, add a Wait step that 
pauses the parent case until the Interview case reaches a status of Resolved. 
D. Add a Create Case step that creates the Interview child case. There is no need to add a Wait step. 
Answer: C 
139.A customer wants to copy the contents of a previous order to their current order. 
What rule type do you use to copy the order contents? 
A. Data page 
B. Data transform 
C. Declare expression 
D. Function 
Answer: B 
140.Which scenario requires you to make updates in Dev Studio? 
A. A task is reassigned when it reaches a service-level agreement goal. 
B. An email correspondence is added to the case type. 
C. A customer representative can approve or reject a claim. 
D. A new confirmation view displays a read-only text property 
Answer: A B 
141.A manufacturing company has an Inventory data page that uses page structure. You need to write a 
single page of data to a single database row in the configured system of record. 
Which option fulfills the requirement? 
A. Data type 
B. Connector 
C. Insight 
D. Database save 
Answer: D 
142.To process an employee retirement package, the system requires approvals from the supervising 
manager, and the … 
How do you implement the requirements so that each approver can work independently? 
A. Create an approval step with cascading approval. 
B. Create business logic to route the assignment to the different approvers. 
C. Create three parallel processes with approval steps. 
D. Route the assignment to a work queue to which all three roles have access. 
Answer: C 
143.In which situation do you configure branched rulesets? 
A. One team creates a new patch for an application while another team creates a new major version of 
 
 
the application 
B. You need to delegate rules to process owners from the business 
C. Multiple teams need to work on the same application version 
D. A team needs to work on the next version of an application while preparing to migrate the current 
version. 
Answer: C 
144.A survey is sent to a customer via email. 
How do you configure a solution to ensure the email includes the case ID for the survey? 
A. Create a required field for the case ID that must be entered by a user during the case process prior to 
sending the survey. 
B. Call a data transform to copy the case ID from pyWorkPage to the email. 
C. Create a process using the Send Email step allowing representatives to quickly add the case ID to the 
email. 
D. Use the Insert Property feature of a Send Email step to add the case ID when composing the 
message dialog. 
Answer: D 
145.While testing a business process to approve an expense report, you receive an error. 
Which tool allows you to review the rule execution to determine the source of the error? 
A. The Tracer 
B. The Clipboard tool 
C. The Application Profiler 
D. The Dependency Analyzer 
Answer: A 
146.A retail store wants an application to process a new customer loyalty account. The customer enters 
their contact information; including name, email, phone number, and address. This information is 
displayed in a data relationship. 
What type of data relationship do you create? 
A. A Data reference field 
B. An Embedded data field 
C. A Case reference field 
D. A Query field 
Answer: A 
147.An online shopping application allows customers to select the item quantity of different goods and 
add items to the shopping cart. In the shopping cart, the application displays the price for each item type, 
indicates the quantity of each item type, calculate the total item prices, and calculate the total cost for all 
items in the shopping cart. The application pulls the price of each item type from a data page that 
references an external inventory management system. 
Select two unit tests useful in developing the shopping cart page. (Choose Two) 
A. Verify the data page has the correct item prices. 
B. Verify the data transform copies the correct value from the data page to the shopping cart page. 
 
 
C. Verify the price fields are displayed in the correct format. 
D. Verify the order total cost property is accurately calculated 
Answer: A B D 
148.An online retailer allows customers to select a courier service for deliveries. The list of available 
courier services is drawn from a data type sourced in the Pega database. The Fulfillment department 
wants to allow local warehouse managers to add courier services to mitigate increases in delivery times 
and remove courier services that fail to meet delivery metrics. 
Which two options are required to allow local warehouse managers to update courier service records in 
production? (Choose two.) 
A. Create an access group for local warehouse managers. 
B. Delegate the records for the courier service data type. 
C. Define an approval process for adding and removing courier services. 
D. Enable rule checkout for the local warehouse managers 
Answer: A B 
149.You are building a form that contains a list of courses. Users will select the courses in which they 
want to enroll. 
Which two tasks must take place in Designer Studio? (Choose Two) 
A. Enable section editing and configure the selection check box by removing the caption. 
B. Create a field group list property and make the property a data reference. 
C. Configure the view in Run mode and change the order of the columns in the view. 
D. Edit the field group list property and set data access to copy data from a data page. 
Answer: A B 
150.A music studio allows clients to upload audio recordings, and if they choose, they can upload before 
they begin consultation. The studio wants to pause case processing after the Client Intake stage and 
give clients 72 hours to upload recordings before beginning the Client Consultation process. 
Which configuration meets this requirement? 
A. Configure a case wide optional action to allow uploads. Add a Wait shape with a Timer Wait type set 
to 72 hours. 
B. Configure a service level on the stage that contains the Client Consultation process with a deadline of 
72 hours. 
C. Configure a child case to upload recordings. Add a Wait shape with a case dependency until the child 
case is resolved. 
D. Configure a validate rule on the Client Intake stage and set the elapsed time to 72 hours. 
Answer: D 
151.Which requirement is best implemented by using a Wait step in a case? 
A. You must pause a case until a user uploads a signed document. 
B. You cannot proceed in an expense report until a manager approves the request. 
C. You cannot complete a purchase case on a website unless you complete a new account subcase. 
D. You need to send an email after a user completes a form. 
Answer: B 
 
 
152.Which two requirements ensure that valid data is used in a case? (Choose two.) 
A. The data fits the business logic. 
B. The data is locally sourced. 
C. The data is the correct field type. 
D. The data is organized in a data type. 
Answer: A C 
153.A customer views a product available in multiple color options. The customer must select only one 
color for each product. 
Which Ul control allows a developer to present the user with all color choices at once, without prompting 
or clicking, while ensuring that the user can only select one of the color options? 
A. Radio buttons 
B. Text input 
C. Drop-down 
D. Check box 
Answer: A 
154.Which of the following events can you trace by using the Tracer tool? 
A. User authentication 
B. Data sources 
C. Data transforms 
D. Service-level agreements 
Answer: D 
155.What two pieces of information comprise a data element? (Choose Two) 
A. The name of the referencing user view 
B. The name of the data element 
C. The name of the clipboard page 
D.  
The value of the data element 
Answer: B D 
156.You are configuring an application to process travel reservations. The reservation case creates child 
cases for each booking component: flight, hotel stay, and vehicle rental. 
How do you update the total cost of the reservation as users update each child case? 
A. Define a case calculation to update the reservation total with the total of each child case. 
B. Configure the Create Case shape to propagate the total cost from each child case to there servation. 
Create a declare expression to update the reservation total when the cost of each component changes. 
C. Add the Update Case shape to the Reservation case type to capture changes to each component 
cost. 
Answer: B 
157.You want your application to have consistent styling across portals. You want the background color 
of all buttons in your application to be blue. You want the background color of the buttons to be easily 
 
 
updated in case corporate branding changes. 
Which attribute do you modify to set the background color? 
A. The application skin 
B. The buttons format 
C. The controls format 
D. The background mixin 
Answer: B 
158.Several Development teams work on different enhancements. 
The release date for each enhancement is uncertain. 
Which two options allow each team to keep its work separate? (Choose Two) 
A. Create a new ruleset version for each team. 
B. Set up a branch ruleset for each team 
C. Create a new application for each team 
D.  
Create a production ruleset for each team. 
Answer: A C 
159.A help desk ticket case type is defined as follows: 
If the Process ticket step is configured to set the status to Pending-Triage, when is the status of the case 
set to Pending-Triage? 
A. When the Process ticket step starts 
B. When the Triage stage starts 
C. When the Enter Ticket Details step completes 
D. When the Process ticket step completes 
Answer: D 
160.Based on security factors, which two options are considered strong passwords? (Choose Two) 
A. lLik3Chocolate&sawDustIcecre@m 
B. d8073&gxn*,.ki;vnhdf($h&m 
C. bluedoor 
D. Pe6@5yst3m$ 
Answer: A B 
161.An order fulfillment case type allows a customer to update user profile information during the order 
placement stage. 
The user profile consists of the following three pages: 
 
 
Account ID and password Customer contact information A list of open orders with the status of each 
order. 
How do you configure the case type to allow customers to update any of the user profile pages at any 
time during case processing? 
A. Add an optional process to the case workflow. 
B. Add a button for each profile page to each assignment. 
C. Add an alternate stage to the case life cycle. 
D. Add a set of optional actions to the case workflow 
Answer: D 
162.A requirement states: When a business guest checks out of a hotel, the guest must complete a hotel 
review to receive a corporate discount. 
Select the case type relationship that satisfies the requirement. 
A. Configure hotel review as a spin-off case of the checkout request. 
B. Configure checkout request as a child case of hotel review. 
C. Configure both checkout request and hotel review as top-level cases. 
D. Configure hotel review as a child case of the checkout request. 
Answer: D 
163.Using the following Refund case life cycle, how do you design this case to skip the Item Return 
stage if the item will not be returned? 
A. Replace the Wait step in the Item Return stage with a Change Stage step. 
B. Add a condition to skip the Item Return stage when a return is not necessary. 
C. Add an Item Retention alternate stage and define a process for retention of item. 
D. Add a decision in the Item Return process to change the stage when a return is not necessary. 
Answer: B 
164.Which device characteristics should be considered when designing a mobile app? 
A. Customize controls for each responsive breakpoint. 
B. Test applications in the mobile preview. 
C. Design for finger taps. 
D. Use fixed positioning. 
Answer: C 
165.Which option follows best practices for naming a ruleset in Pega…… 
A. Pega-prod:01-04-01 
B. Grand-Corporation-Human-Resources-Department:01-01-03 
C. Credit Check:03-01-02 
D. Expense:01-02-05 
Answer: D 
166.Which two conditions do you test with a unit test? (Choose Two) 
A. A data page populates without any errors. 
B. A property value is set correctly by a data transform. 
 
 
C. An application displays user views for 20 users within three seconds. 
D. An application is successfully migrated to a test system. 
Answer: A D 
167.Customers can log their own product support requests using an online portal. Once logged in, the 
portal displays the list of products purchased by the customer. The customer can initiate one or more 
support requests for each product. 
What is the appropriate scope for a data page that sources the list of products purchased by the 
customer? 
A. Thread 
B. System 
C. Requestor 
D. Node 
Answer: C 
168.During a playback session, a stakeholder notices that a drop-down list is missing one of the required 
options. 
Which work item do you create in Agile Workbench to address this issue? 
A. User Story 
B. Bug 
C. Feedback 
D. Status 
Answer: B 
169.Which three use cases demonstrate the Pega dynamic Ul behavior? (Choose Three) 
A. Display a message upon form submission that a date field must be in the future. 
B. Unmask a password field when users click an icon. 
C. Automatically calculate order total when users change quantities. 
D. Display partner information fields when a screen loads for married applicants. 
E. Display a shipping address section when users select the Different than billing address check box. 
Answer: B D E 
170.How do you configure the application to display a field for entering a mobile phone number only 
when the check box is selected? 
A. Use a when condition in a data transform to determine whether to show the mobile phone number 
field. 
B. Use a when condition in the flow to branch the flow based on case data. 
C. Use a circumstance on the check box property to create a rule variant that is effective when the check 
box is selected. 
D. Use a when condition in the Ul form to determine whether to show the mobile phone number field. 
Answer: D 
171.In a hiring application: 
* An employee interviews the candidate. 
 
 
* The Human Resources (HR) team creates and send s the officer letter. 
* The Information Technology (IT) team assigns the workstation. 
* The facilities team assigns the work desk. 
To meet these requirements, what persona do you create? 
A. Employee, IT, Facilities 
B. HR, IT, Facilities 
C. Employee, HR, Facilities 
D. Employee, HR, IT Facilities 
Answer: D 
172.In an Online retail application, the Order Receipt view displays a list of the product ordering, 
including the product image, unit cost, and quantity. The total cost of the order is displayed at the bottom 
of the view. 
Which two configurations on the Receipt view must be together to display the required information as 
described? (Choose two.) 
A. Add a repeating dynamic layout with embedded dynamic layouts. 
B. Add the total cost inside the repeating dynamic layout. 
C. Add a dynamic with an embedded repeating dynamic layout. 
D. Add the total outside the repeating dynamic layout. 
Answer: C D 
173.A requirement for a hotel reservation case type states that as customers change their room 
selection, the total cost of the reservation updates. 
How do you satisfy this requirement? 
A. Configure a Validate rule for the room selection step. 
B. Apply a Disable when condition to the total cost field. 
C. Add a When condition to the room selection step. 
D. Define a declare expression for the total cost field. 
Answer: D 
174.In a construction application, the user access group is configured with an Access of Role to Object 
record as shown in the following image: 
 
 
Currently, the application is in the quality assurance environment. 
Which three operations can users perform in the application at this level? (Choose three.) 
A. Modify instances 
B. Run reports 
C. Modify rules 
D. Open instances 
E. Delete rules 
Answer: A B D 
175.You configure a service level to adjust assignment urgency to 100 when the goal interval lapses. 
How does assignment urgency impact the deadline and passed deadline intervals? 
A. Urgency value remains at 100, but other service level processing continues. 
B. Urgency value continues to increment as configured. 
C. Service level processing is halted until the assignment is completed. 
D. The user is notified that the maximum urgency has been reached. 
Answer: A 
176.You are asked to create a custom status named Open-Review. This status is to be applied to 
assignments in one application. 
How do you satisfy the request? 
A. Circumstance the existing Open field value record on the application name and update the status 
value to Open-Review. 
B. Add the Open-Review status to the Application record for the application. 
C. Create a field value record named Open-Review for. pyStatusWork with the Apply To class set to the 
class group. 
D. Create a field value record named Open-Review for. pyStatusWork and configure an Access When 
record to apply the status to the correct application 
 
 
Answer: C 
177.Which two statements are true about minimum lovable product (MLP) sizing when using the 
Estimator tool? (Choose two.) 
A. MPL complexities set to "high" are reserved for MLP 2 and later. 
B. MLP sizing leads to precision in the sprint cycle and resource planning. 
C. Creation of case steps is factored into MLP sizing. 
D. Initial estimations are high-level and can be refined during sizing. 
Answer: B D 
178.You are asked to create a visualization that allows managers in the Customer Service division to 
track the number and status of Customer Support Request cases submitted over the last 30 days. 
What is the process that you follow to create this visualization? 
A. Create a new report on the Data landing page. 
B. Add a report widget to a portal on the Explore data landing page. 
C. Add a new portal on the Channels landing page. 
D.  
Create a new Insight on the Explore data landing page. 
Answer: B 
179.While testing a form, you need to verify the contents of a data page in memory. 
Which tool do you use to view the current contents of the data page? 
A. The Clipboard tool 
B. Case Designer 
C. The Data Explorer 
D. Live UI 
Answer: A 
180.When applying for a credit limit increase, customers with standard credit cards must provide 
information in an Employment Information process. Requests from customers with Platinum credit cards 
automatically skip this process. 
What task do you perform to implement this requirement? 
A. Add an Approve/Reject step to test the card type. 
B. Add a card type true/false field to a user view. 
C. Add a custom condition to start the process by testing the card type. 
D. Add a validation condition to the card type for continued processing. 
Answer: C 
181.Users must provide values to certain fields before submitting a job application form. 
Which configuration adds asterisks to indicate the mandatory fields on the form? 
A. Use an Edit Validate rule to verify if each of the mandatory properties has a value. 
B. Configure the mandatory fields as Always Required on the form at runtime. 
C. Use a Validate rule to verify the mandatory fields have a value. 
D.  Configure a Disable when condition on the mandatory fields at runtime. 
Answer: B 
 
 
182.Which two of the following use cases do you implement by using one or more calculated fields? 
(Choose Two) 
A. A sales representative wants to quote the cost of an insurance policy based on selected coverage 
options. 
B. An accountant wants to list the largest order for the last month, for each customer account. 
C. A project manager wants to estimate the cost of painting a banquet hall based on labor and materials 
required. 
D. A certification manager wants to determine the number of exams conducted at each testing facility in 
the current quarter. 
Answer: A D 
183.Which two statements demonstrate the role of a report? (Choose Two) 
A. Reports are used to assess process performance. 
B. Reports are used to update data in a database. 
C. Reports are used to select items from a list while working in an assignment. 
D. Reports are used to source a list of selectable items while working in an assignment 
Answer: A D 
184.A government application provides field placeholder values to help users enter the correct data. The 
Design Lead has asked you to increase the font size on all field placeholder value components to help 
visually impaired users. 
Which configuration applies the font styling requirement on the field placeholder values in the 
application? 
A. Update the existing Default theme text entry 
B. Run a case type that uses the component and change the font on the view 
C. Add a new theme text entry to the application theme 
D.  
Upload a new application theme 
Answer: C 
185.You are configuring an accident claim case for an automobile insurance company with two child 
cases as illustrated. 
How do you suspend the Accident Claim case processing until the Vehicle Damage and Body Injury 
cases are resolved? 
A. Add a wait shape to the parent case pausing the parent case until the child cases resolve. 
B. Add a service level agreement to resolve the child cases within 90 days. 
C. Add a 30-day wait to the parent case to allow time for the child cases to resolve. 
D. Add an approval shape to each of the child cases to resolve the cases. 
Answer: A 
186.You have created a new report that contains a list of employees, hire dates, and managers. You 
have been asked to display each manager in a row. Beneath each manager row, you must list the 
manager's employees and their hire dates. 
How do you support this request? 
 
 
A. Group the manager column 
B. Filter the manager column 
C. Summarize the manager column 
D. Sort the manager column 
Answer: A 
187.Which two options are process reports? (Choose two.) 
A. The number of customer support request cases created for each week. 
B. Average duration and timeliness for each assignment. 
C. Total customer inquiry cases for each state for each product line. 
D. Top 10 merchants with highest percentage of fraud cases. 
Answer: A B 
188.A form must support accessibility. 
How do you enable a user to specify a date? 
A. Configure a text box to allow date entry. 
B. Use a calendar control that displays an entire year. 
C. Use a calendar control that displays an entire month. 
D. Provide separate controls for month, day, and year. 
Answer: D 
189.An organization has two lines of business: selling books for children and reselling college textbooks. 
The division selling books for children can use the same basic user interface (Ul) as the division reselling 
textbooks with the exception of the payment methods. 
How do you apply the Situational Layer CakeTM in this scenario? 
A. Place the Ul rules in the base layer, and create a new layer for the payment rules for both lines of 
business. 
B. Place the Ul rules and generic payment method rules in the base layer, and create a new layer for the 
division-specific payment rules. 
C. Place the Ul rules in the base layer, and create a parallel base layer for the payments rules. 
D. Place the Ul rules in the base layer, and create a new layer for the payment rule for each division. 
Answer: B 
190.Apartment tenants submit maintenance requests that specify their name, address, request type, and 
description of the request. Tenants may submit multiple maintenance requests for different request types. 
The company wants to identify duplicate maintenance requests from the same address. 
Which two configurations, when used together on the Search duplicate cases step, achieve this goal? 
(Choose Two) 
A. Configure the request type as a weighted condition. 
B. Configure the tenant name as a basic condition. 
C. Configure the apartment address as a basic condition. 
D. Configure the apartment address as a weighted condition. 
Answer: A B 
 
 
191.Which use case describes the function of the Estimator tool? 
A. A tester needs to know how many versions of an application they test for MPL2. 
B. A business architect needs to know when to prioritize a specific customer Microjourney for 
development. 
C. A product owner needs to know how many user stories to create in Agile Workbench for MLP 1. 
D. A stakeholder needs to know how much time and effort is needed to build MLP2. 
Answer: D 
192.A reservation process allows customers to reserve a flight, hotel room, and rental car as part of a 
travel itinerary. 
Which configuration displays a check box to allow users to select travel insurance only if the itinerary 
includes a flight? 
A. A visible when condition applied to the check box 
B. An action set applied to the check box 
C. A declare expression configured for forward chaining 
D. A validate rule applied to the flow action 
Answer: A 
193.A human resources application contains reports that are used to review hiring practices. The product 
manager has asked you to test the recent hire training report. 
How do you run a unit test on the report? 
A. Create a copy of the rule and use the run rule window 
B. Initialize the rule with test data using the run rule window 
C. Identify a data test page to unit test the rule 
D. Run the report definition using the contents of a database table 
Answer: B 
194.A list report includes columns for purchase requests and regional cost centers. A manager wants 
there report to show the total number of purchase requests for each of the regional cost centers. 
How do you configure the report definition? 
A. Use the purchase requests column to group the cost centers. 
B. Filter the results so that the report includes only cost center and purchase requests. 
C. Summarize the purchase requests column by count. 
D. Summarize the regional cost centers by count. 
Answer: D 
195.An internal application grants 75 employees access to one of four personas: Admin, Author, User, 
and Manager. A new analyst who joins the company requires all the access of the Author persona, but 
only some of the reporting features that are available to the Manager persona. 
How do you satisfy this security requirement? 
A. Add the analyst to the Author persona. 
B. Create a new Analyst persona with the required access. 
C. Update the Author persona to include the required analyst reports. 
D. Add the analyst to both the Author persona and Manager persona. 
 
 
Answer: B 
196.A business architect has developed a new process for a case type. To verify that the UI elements 
collect the expected result, you want to test the process and the fields. 
Which two configurations, when used together, allow you to record a set of interactions and save the test 
result to verify process functionality? (Choose two.) 
A. Create a unit test for the case type. 
B. Create a scenario test for the case type. 
C. Add explicit assertions on the UI elements. 
D. Add explicit assertions on the Scenario testing landing page. 
Answer: A C 
197.In a Credit Card Payment case type, you want to set the yearly fee to USD 75. 
How do you set the Yearly fee field? 
A. Configure field validation on the Yearly fee field. 
B. Configure the Yearly fee find to reference the minimum amount due. 
C. In the Data initialization page, set the Yearly fee field to 75. 
D. Configure the Yearly fee field as a calculated field. 
Answer: C 
198.Which two statements are true about styling controls in App Studio? (Choose two) 
A. Developers can configure a Date Time control to display as a text input field, drop-down list, or 
calendar control. 
B. Developers can configure a text input control to change the background when users click the control. 
C. Developers can configure a button control to hide when users click the control. 
D. Developers create a new style format to apply styling to an out-of-the-box button control. 
Answer: A B 
199.A Declare expression evaluates a circumstanced decision tree. The decision tree evaluates a 
property set by a data transform. 
What two steps do you perform to ensure that the decision tree is configured properly? (Choose 2) 
A. Test the declare expression to verify that the rule is configured correctly 
B. Configure a test page with data to satisfy the circumstancing condition 
C. Specify the value of the circumstancing property when prompted in the run rule dialog 
D. Test the data transform to verity the result is correct 
Answer: A B 
200.ABC BankCorp operates two subsidiaries, GloboBank and LocalBank, with different brandings. ABC 
BankCorp wants to create a mobile app experience for both users and customer service representatives 
(CSRs) for its Transaction Dispute application. 
Of the following requirements, which two options affect the number of mobile app channels that you need 
to configure? (Choose Two) 
A. Mobile apps must support both phones and tablets. 
B. Customers can create only dispute cases, while CSRs can also create fraud report cases. 
 
 
C. Mobile app color palette is customized for each subsidiary. 
D. The app customizes currency units and date/time format according to the user's locale. 
Answer: A C 
201.An internet provider has a quiz that gives customers a recommended internet speed based on their 
typical internet use. The questions differ based on the selections that the customer makes, for example, 
whether they are seeking a recommendation for a residence or a business. 
Once the customer completes the quiz, how do you determine the recommended internet speed? 
A. Configure a decision table 
B. Configure a view with the quiz questions 
C. Configure a decision tree 
D. Configure a process with multiple decision shapes 
Answer: C 
202.In the first step in a case type, the user compares data on a form to the data on a customer account. 
If the data matches, the case is resolved. If the data does not match, the user advances the case to 
update the account. 
Management only wants a record of the cases that update an account. 
What two configuration options do you use to implement this requirement? (Choose Two) 
A. Add a persist case shape after the first step. 
B. Configure the starting flow to instantiate the case type as a temporary case. 
C. Apply a when condition to the first step to persist only cases requiring updates. 
D. Configure the first step to instantiate the case type as a temporary case. 
Answer: A C 
203.How do you identify if a result in a decision rule cannot be returned? 
A. Test for missing conditions 
B. Test for completeness 
C. Test the rule using a unit test 
D. Test for conflicts 
Answer: A 
204.All managers must be able to view the Employee vacation requests report in their Manager portal 
dashboards. 
Which configuration fulfills this requirement? 
A. Create a new landing page on the portal with the new report saved in a public category. 
B. Add a report widget to the portal dashboard, and then click Publish to default. 
C. Add a report widget to the portal dashboard, and then click Publish. 
D. Add the report to a public category, and then add the out-of-the-box Reports landing page to the 
portal. 
Answer: D 
205.Which two statements are true about insights? (Choose Two) 
A. Insights transform data queries into sharable visualizations. 
 
 
B. Visibility is always shared for insight charts. 
C. You can edit application data directly in an insight. 
D. You can use only preconfigured fields in an insight. 
Answer: A D 
206.You are building a new booking application in pega platform with a case type that displays a 
customer's various accounts and allows them to make banking transactions. The transaction data object 
allows customers to dispute a transaction. The system provides a drop-down list of reasons for the 
dispute, which are collected along with the transaction ID. 
According to pega best practices, which option do you use to source the transaction data object? 
A. External system of record 
B. A data page 
C. Pega platform system of record 
D. No system of record 
Answer: A 
207.Which two statement are true about insights? (Choose two.) 
A. You can search for an select the fields that you want to include in an insight. 
B. You can transform data queries into sharable visualizations. 
C. You can transform sharable visualizations into data queries. 
D. You can edit application data directly in an insight. 
Answer: A B 
208.You are developing a case type that processes scholarship applications. Scholarship applications 
advance based on the standardized test scores of the applicants. A decision shape directs the process 
flow. You want to test whether the process flows correctly, but you have not fully configured the user 
interface so that applicants can enter their standardized test scores. 
How do you test that the process flows correctly based on the decision? 
A. Use the Run Rule window to create a unit test to evaluate the flow rule. 
B. Use a declare expression to set a value for the standardized test score field. 
C. Use Live Ul to see how the case processes and if an error occurs. 
D. Use the Clipboard tool to set a value for the standardized test score field. 
Answer: A 
209.A reservation process allows customers to reserve a flight, hotel room, and rental car as part of a 
travel itinerary. 
Which configuration displays a Select flight insurance checkbox only when the itinerary includes a flight? 
A. A visibility condition (When rule) that applies to the Select flight insurance checkbox. 
B. A visibility condition (When rule) that applies to the view with the flight insurance information. 
C. A disable condition (When rule) that applies to the Select flight insurance checkbox. 
D. A disable condition (When rule) that applies to the view with the flight insurance information. 
Answer: D 
210.Which three statements are true about DevOps practices in pega priority. (Choose three) 
 
 
A. Intermittent delivery is preferred to help plan predictable releases 
B. Acceptance criteria helps to focus customer-centric deployment 
C. Pega can integrate third-party DevOps tools to promote flexibility 
D. DevOps promotes larger releases in shorter development cycles 
E. Tests are run before publishing changes to ensure compatibility 
Answer: B C E 
211.A requirement states: The date of birth submitted for first grade students must be at least five years 
before September 1 of the current year. 
Which three validation methods, when applied in combination, satisfy the requirement? (Choose Three) 
A. When rule 
B. Calendar control 
C. Date data type 
D. Validation rule 
E. Edit validate rule 
Answer: A B D 
212.In an insurance claim application, you have the following requirement: All claims must be resolved 
within 1 week. 
To meet this requirement you configure a service level. Where should the service level be configured? 
A. The process 
B. The stage 
C. The case type 
D. The step 
Answer: C 
213.Identify the two requirements that are satisfied by using a data transform. (Choose two.) 
A. Display the same data on multiple user views. 
B. Convert integer data to text data. 
C. Copy an existing order to a new case. 
D. Validate the format of a property value. 
Answer: B C 
214.A form listing nearby restaurants has four columns: 
Restaurant name Restaurant location Thumbnail image of the seating area Make reservation (check 
box) You want to ensure that users have the information they need to make a reservation regardless of 
screen size. When viewed on a small screen, you do not need to display the images. 
What three configuration steps do you take to support this requirement? (Choose Three) 
A. Set the importance of the image column to Secondary. 
B. Set the importance of the Make reservation column to Primary. 
C. Set the importance of the image column to Other. 
D. Set the importance of the Restaurant name and Make reservation columns to Primary. 
E. Set the importance of the Restaurant location and Make reservation columns to Secondary. 
F. Set the importance of the Restaurant name column to Primary. 
 
 
Answer: C E F 
215.Which statement about channel interfaces is true? 
A. Creating a channel interface creates a default work queue in Agg Studio. 
B. All users see the same channel interface. 
C. A persona requires a unique channel interface. 
D. Channel interfaces are user interfaces that meet business requirements. 
Answer: D 
216.How do you guide users through an application form without requiring user training? 
A. Add the corresponding step to an appropriate stage. 
B. Send a notification to the assigned user. 
C. Add an instruction to the assignment. 
D. Add an optional action to the case to explain the task. 
Answer: C 
217.Which requirement is fulfilled by configuration a field value? 
A. Service agents are able to enter feedback in multiple languages. 
B. A global hotel chain application can display current amenities in 23 languages. 
C. Customers can add an unlimited number of items to an online shopping card. 
D. A government official can enter comments that require location. 
Answer: B D 
218.Your online shopping application serves international customers. You need to define a Data Page 
that holds currency exchange rates. All users accessing the application need to use the information. 
The Scope of this Data Page should be set to____. 
A. Application 
B. Node 
C. Thread 
D. Requestor 
Answer: A 
219.Which two options can you configure for a mobile app channel? (Choose Two) 
A. Define security behavior for a mobile app such as biometric identifiers. 
B. Manage administrative functions such as access to log files. 
C. Define the Ul behavior for each view in a case type when the case is displayed on a mobile device. 
D. Design how Ul elements render across different mobile devices. 
Answer: A D 
220.A requirement states: Loan applicants must enter their annual salary. If the salary is above the 
qualifying threshold, the application is automatically approved. If the salary is below the threshold, the 
applicant must identify a cosigner. 
Select the two configuration options that follow best practices to meet the requirement. (Choose Two) 
A. Design a user view with an annual salary field and a data relationship for cosigner information. Use a 
 
 
visibility condition to display the cosigner information when the salary is below the threshold. 
B. Use a collect information step with an annual salary field. Use a decision shape to determine whether 
to advance to a step to enter cosigner information or complete the process. 
C. Design a user view with an annual salary field. Create an optional action to collect information about 
the cosigner and assign the action to the appropriate stage. 
D. Create an assignment step for a loan officer to review the applicant's annual salary and determine if a 
cosigner is necessary. 
Answer: A B 
221.User A should have application permissions that are identical to User B's permissions. Unlike User 
B, User A lacks access to the My Cases page. 
How do you grant access to the My Cases page for User A? 
A. Update User A to the same role as User B 
B. Add the My Cases page to the User A profile. 
C. Update the User A account to access the same portal as User 
D. Add the My Cases page to the User A role 
Answer: B 
222.Identify Text, Multi record data relationship, Single record data relationship 
A. .Address( 1 ).pincode 
B. .ShippingAddress.City 
C. .BillingAddress.Telephone 
Answer: A B C 
223.A life insurance company has satellite offices in various countries. Each satellite office has a work 
queue. 
Company policy requires that life insurance underwriting be assigned to offices based on the policy 
owner's residential address. 
Which routing approach supports this requirement? 
A. Route the assignment to the correct work queue by using an authority matrix. 
B. Route the assignment to the correct work queue based on business logic. 
C. Route the assignment to a specific underwriter based on business logic. 
D. Route the assignment to the correct work queue by using a reporting structure. 
Answer: B 
224.Users can access an apartment hunting application from different devices with different screen 
sizes. 
A screen displays the photos of available properties. By default, the photos are displayed in three 
columns. When the screen width is less than 800 pixels, the photos should be displayed in two columns. 
How do you implement the screen for this requirement? 
A. Use a dynamic layout with a responsive breakpoint at 800 pixels to change from inline-grid tripleto 
inline-grid double format. 
B. Use a column layout with a responsive breakpoint at 800 pixels to hide the left column. 
C. Circumstance the layout to display different number of columns at different screen sizes. 
 
 
D. Circumstance the section rule to display different number of columns at different screen sizes. 
Answer: A D 
225.A business architect has developed a new process for a case type. To verify that the UI elements 
collect the expected results, you want to test the process and the fields. 
Which two configurations, when used together, allow you to record a set of interactions and save the test 
results to verify process functionality? (Choose Two) 
A. Add explicit assertions on the UI elements 
B. Add validations on the UI elements 
C. Create a unit test for the case type 
D. Create a scenario test for the case type 
Answer: A D 
226.DRAG DROP 
Consider an application built on the Constellation architecture. 
Select each description on the left and drag it to the appropriate UX concept on the right. 
Answer: 
227.Which two components on the Case Designer can users assign to a minimum lovable product (MLP) 
release for project sizing purposes? (Choose Two) 
 
 
A. An automation 
B. A mobile User Portal 
C. An approval decision 
D. An external system of record (SOR) 
Answer: B C 
228.In a Credit Card Payment case type, you want to set the yearly fee to USD 75. 
How do you set the Yearly fee field? 
A. In the Data initialization page, set tine Yearly fee field to 75. 
B. Configure field validation on the Yearly fee field. 
C. Configure the Yearly fee field to reference the minimum amount due. 
D. Configure the Yearly fee field as a calculated field. 
Answer: A 
229.A data page holds product information. The data page's Reload if older Than field is set to 15 
minutes. The data page is created at 06:12. At 06:20 the user requests product information. At 06:42 the 
user requests product information. 
When is the data page reloaded? 
A. 06:35 
B. 06:20 
C. 06:27 
D. 06:42 
Answer: D 
230.Which three options can you configure for a mobile app channel? (Choose Three) 
A. Change the host for a mobile app to a production system, rather than a development system. 
B. Identify how different mobile devices render UI controls. 
C. Establish security behavior for a mobile app, such as the use of biometric identifiers. 
D. Define UI behavior for a view when displayed on a mobile device. 
E. Define the role applied to users when they run the mobile app. 
Answer: B C D 
231.Which two dependencies do you directly enforce with a Wait step? (Choose Two) 
A. Pausing a case until a predetermined time expires 
B. Pausing a case until a user submits a specified value 
C. Pausing a case until another case reaches a specified status 
D. Pausing a case until a new child case is created 
Answer: A C 
232.What are two attributes of application level security? (Choose two.) 
A. Create password and authentication policies. 
B. Identify authorized users who need access to the application. 
C. Set up security roles for personas in each case type. 
D. Prevent users from viewing features that they should not access. 
 
 
Answer: A D 
233.On the Case Designer, who two component can users tag with a Minimum Lovable Product (MLP) 
release for project sizing purposes? (Choose Two.) 
A. A user Mobile App channel 
B. An external system of record (SOR) 
C. An automation 
D. An approval decision 
Answer: B C 
234.The following example shows the ruleset list for the logged in operator. 
What is stored in the Admin@MyCo ruleset? 
Admin@MyCo: 
Purchasing:01-01 
Purchasinglnt:01-01 
MyCo:01-01 
MyColnt:01-01 
Supplier:01-01 
Customer:01-01 
lnventory:01-01 
Pega-ProcessCommander:07-10 
Pega-DeploymnetDefaults:07-10 
Pega-LP-Mobile:07-10 
A. Preferences for the operator 
B. Rules checked out by the operator 
C. Rules delegated to the operator 
D. Rules recently opened by the operator 
Answer: B 
235.A case type for voice over requests includes two tasks: Edit Script and Record Script. Your team has 
been asked to route Edit Script tasks to editors and Record Script tasks to actors. 
Which approach fulfills this requirement? 
A. Create two new work queues, one for editors and one for actors. 
B. Create one new work queue and split the tasks by type. 
C. Create one work group for both personas and route to the work group. 
D.  
Create two new work groups in Dev Studio that reference one work queue. 
Answer: A 
236.A stakeholder prefers to group a set of existing actions into a multistep form. 
Which work item do you create in Agile workbench to address this change request? 
A. Bug 
B. Feedback 
C. Status 
D. User Story 
 
 
Answer: D 
237.The business process for an automobile insurance claim consists of the following phases: - Submission: The customer contacts a customer service representative (CSR) to file the claim. - Review: An adjuster reviews the claim, assesses the damages to each vehicle, and provides an 
estimate of the cost of repairs. - Repair: A third party performs the repairs on each vehicle, communicating with the adjuster and 
customer as necessary. - Verification: After each vehicle repair, the adjuster closes the claim. 
According to Pega best practices, which phase can you implement as a child case? 
A. Verification 
B. Submission 
C. Review 
D. Repair 
Answer: D 
238.You are defining a user view for a loan application. If the loan applicant indicates there is an existing 
open account, the Date account opened must be before the current date. Select the approach that meets 
the validation requirements. 
A. Use a pick list control to verify the Date account opened is in the past. 
B. Use a validate rule to verify the Date account opened is in the past. 
C. Use a when rule to verify the Date account opened is in the past. 
D. Use a calendar control to verify the Date account opened is in the past. 
Answer: B 
239.Which two scenarios require you to configure conditional processing within the case type? (Choose 
Two.) 
A. A scholarship eligibility application requires students to enter standardized test scores, Students with 
qualifying test scores can schedule and interview. Students without qualifying test scores receives a 
rejection email. 
B. A catering booking application requires customers to enter information about the expected party size, 
event date, and event time. When customers submit the information the catering company sends a 
confirmation email. 
C. An application requires customer to select the type of request in a drop-down list. The system routes 
the request to the appropriate department work queue. A user with access to the work queue processes 
the case through fulfillment. 
D. A shopping application requires a guest to fill out payment information. A user who enters a 
membership number skips the payment information step. 
Answer: A D 
240.You are configuring an accident claim case with two child cases for an automobile insurance 
company, as shown in the following figure: 
 
 
The business requirement changes to allow the parent case to continue independently of the child case 
processes. 
How do you configure the Wait step for this requirement? 
A. Configure the step to continue the parent case when the child cases reach the payment pending 
review status. 
B. Configure the step to continue the parent case when the child cases reach auditor approval. 
C. Configure the step so that only one child case must be resolved before the parent case can continue. 
D. Configure the step so that users can continue with the parent case process regardless of child case 
status. 
Answer: D 
241.In which two situations is it appropriate to use a decision table? (Choose two.) 
A. A dance studio recommends a membership type based on the number and type of dance classes the 
customer wants to attend every month. 
B. Order total is calculated based on the quantity and price of the items in the customer's shopping cart. 
C. If customers decide to add insurance, checked bags, or early boarding to their airline tickets, extra 
fees are added to their order total. 
D. A hair care company suggests a line of products to customers based on their hair type, scalp 
moisture, hair moisture, and whether it is color-treated. 
Answer: A D 
242.Which configuration informs a user by email when an assignment is added to the user's worklist? 
A. Configure the case type to send assignment notifications to assigned users. 
B. Add a Send Email step to the process after the assignment to notify the assigned user. 
C. Configure a service level to send a notification to the assigned user. 
D. Add a Send Notification step to the process after the assignment to notify the assigned user. 
Answer: A 
243.You are configuring duplicate case search logic in a case type. 
How do you ensure that resolved cases are not evaluated as potential duplicates? 
A. Add a must match condition where the work status of the current case does not contain "Resolved" 
B. Add a weighted condition where the work status of potential duplicates does not contain "Resolved" 
 
 
C. Add a weighted condition that evaluates the work status of current and existing cases where work 
status equals "Resolved" and has a weight of "0" 
D. Add a must match condition where the work status of potential duplicates does not contain 
"Resolved". 
Answer: B 
244.What are two ways you can create a view with editable fields in an application built on the 
Constellation architecture? (Choose two.) 
A. On the Data model tab of a case type, configure a view. 
B. In a step of the case life cycle, configure a view. 
C. On the UX tab of a case type, create a Partial view. 
D. On the UX tab of a data object, create a Form view. 
Answer: B D 
245.Which two rules do you localize by using the localization wizard? (Choose Two) 
A. Work Parties 
B. Paragraph 
C. Correspondence Fragment 
D. Field Value 
Answer: B C 
246.In a Human Resources (HR) application, a business architect has developed a new process for the 
Onboarding case type. You want to test the process and the fields to verify the Ul elements collect 
expected results. 
A. Add explicit assertions on the Ul elements 
B. Create a unit test for the Onboarding case type 
C. Create a scenario test for the Onboarding case type 
D. Add validations on the Ul elements 
Answer: A C 
247.On the case Designer, which two components can users tag with a Minimum Lovable Product (MLP) 
release for project sizing purposes? (Choose two.) 
A. A User Mobile App channel 
B. An external system of record (SOR) 
C. An automation 
D. An approval decision 
Answer: A D 
248.Which two configurations do you use to validate the minimum age of a new potential customer in the 
Collect Account lnformation assignment step? (Choose Two) 
A. Create an Edit Validate rule to check the customer age. 
B. Reference the Edit Validate rule on the Collect Account lnformation flow action. 
C. Reference the Validate rule on the Collect Account lnformation flow action. 
D. Reference the Validate rule on the Collect Account lnformation assignment.  
E. Reference the Edit validate rule on the Collect Account lnformation assignment. 
F. Create a Validate rule to check the customer age. 
Answer: A B 
249.Which scenario is a use case for the Wait step? 
A. The customer cannot complete an application for a checking account until a bank representative 
reviews their credit report. 
B. An agent needs to send a confirmation email to an insured customer after they complete a form. 
C. A payroll user cannot process a salary increase until the department manager approves the increase. 
D. The customer needs to log in to their account before receiving a membership discount on an online 
purchase. 
Answer: C 
250.A process routes loan requests to a specific loan officer based on the type of loan. - If the loan is a 
mortgage, it is routed to Adam Ross. If the loan is for an automobile, it is routed to Julia Samuels. - If the 
loan is an equity line, the case is routed to Don Smith. 
How do you configure a router to ensure that case advances to the correct loan officer? 
A. Route the case to a worklist using a skilled router. 
B. Route the case to a work queue using a When condition. 
C. Route the case to a work queue using a skilled router. 
D. Route the case to a worklist using a When condition. 
Answer: C 
251.In an application for configuring hardware equipment for new employees, the manager chooses a 
laptop model from a drop-down list. The list of available laptop models is maintained in an external 
system and may change over time. 
Which of the following do you use as the data source for this drop-down list ? 
A. A data page 
B. A local list 
C. A data table 
D. A data transform 
Answer: A 
252.A car insurance quote requires a view for potential customers to enter information to process the 
request. 
What are two primary decisions to make before you add fields to the view? (Choose Two) 
A. Is field entry required? 
B. Are processing actions applied to the field? 
C. Does the field require a data source? 
D. How do users enter values into the field? 
Answer: A D 
253.A moving company provides customers with a tool that recommends a moving vehicle based on the 
number of bedrooms in their current living space and whether they are planning to move heavy furniture  
like bed frames, mattresses, or couches. Based on the customer inputs, a decision table presents the 
customer with a recommendation. 
Which two configurations do you use together to build the decision table? (Choose Two) 
A. Create a column for the recommended moving vehicle. 
B. Create rows for the recommended moving vehicle. 
C. Create two rows, one for the number of bedrooms and one for whether the customer is moving heavy 
furniture. 
D. Create two columns, one for the number of bedrooms and one for whether the customer is moving 
heavy furniture. 
Answer: D 
254.Need to select one severity option which is best 
A. Picklist 
B. Radio button 
C. Checkbox 
Answer: B 
255.Which piece of application content do you localize by using a Field Value rule? 
A. Labels and drop-down values on a section rule 
B. Logos or other images on a harness rule 
C. User instructions in a paragraph rule 
D. User-editable text in a correspondence rule 
Answer: A 
256.In which workspace do you configure a service-level agreement (SLA) with a passed deadline 
interval that repeats three times? 
A. Prediction Studio 
B. Admin Studio 
C. App Studio 
D. Dev Studio 
Answer: D 
 